# Rack CVE-2022-30122: Denial of Service Vulnerability in Rack Multipart Parsing

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

Description
There is a possible denial of service vulnerability in the multipart parsing
component of Rack. This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier
CVE-2022-30122.

Versions Affected: >= 1.2
Not affected: < 1.2
Fixed Versions: 2.0.9.1, 2.1.4.1, 2.2.3.1

Impact
Carefully crafted multipart POST requests can cause Rack's multipart parser to
take much longer than expected, leading to a possible denial of service
vulnerability.

Impacted code will use Rack's multipart parser to parse multipart posts. This
includes directly using the multipart parser like this:

params = Rack::Multipart.parse_multipart(env)

But it also includes reading POST data from a Rack request object like this:

p request.POST # read POST data
p request.params # reads both query params and POST data

All users running an affected release should either upgrade or use one of the
workarounds immediately.

Full Security Advisory: https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-hxqx-xwvh-44m2

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

ReDoS in `Rack::Multipart::BROKEN_QUOTED` and `Rack::Multipart::BROKEN_UNQUOTED`.


https://groups.google.com/g/ruby-security-ann/c/L2Axto442qk
> Carefully crafted multipart POST requests can cause Rack's multipart parser to take much longer than expected, leading to a possible denial of service vulnerability.

## Impact

When the client sends a specially crafted header, it occur ReDoS on the server side.
Servers that interpret Post data by default, like Rails, are affected.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1627159 |
| **Title** | Rack CVE-2022-30122: Denial of Service Vulnerability in Rack Multipart Parsing |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1627159 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | N/A |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2022-30122 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | ooooooo_q |
| **Submitted** | July 5, 2022, 10:59PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 23, 2022, 3:20AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1627159*