# Privilege Esacalation at Apache Airflow 2.5.1 

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

CVE-2023-25754: Apache Airflow: Privilege escalation using airflow logs
Severity: moderate

Affected versions:
- Apache Airflow before 2.6.0

Description:
Privilege Context Switching Error vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow.This issue affects Apache Airflow: before 2.6.0.

Credit:
ksw9722 (finder)

Full Security Advisory: https://lists.apache.org/thread/3y83gr0qb8t49ppfk4fb2yk7md8ltq4v

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Hello. I found security issue about airflow's log file. 

Airflow 2.5.1 sets log files to vulnerable privileges.  (chmod 666)

Any Linux user on the host on which the airflow operates can read and tamper with the airflow's logs.

Taking advantage of this, an attacker in local host can retrieve sensitive information from a Linux host that can only access airflow accounts.  ** (This is privilege escaltion from any linux account to airflow's linux account) **
(ex : ssh private key)

** The attack conditions are as follows. **
1. An attacker can log in to a host running airflow with a specific Linux account.
(Or the penetration test was successfully successful.)

2. An attacker can log in to the airflow web server and can read the dag log.

** The attack procedure is as follows.  **

1. After deleting a specific dag log using any account, the attacker regenerates the log file using the ssh private key of the account that runs the airflow as a symbolic link.
{F2171182}

2. The attacker logs in to the airflow webserver and reads the log.
{F2171186}


3. The airflow logs expose SSH PRIVATE KEY.

{F2171190}



## Patch History 
- https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/29506
- This vulnerability has been allocated CVE-2023-25754 by Apache Security Team.

## Impact

Local linux user can access any file like ssh private key which owned by account which operate airflow.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1872682 |
| **Title** | Privilege Esacalation at Apache Airflow 2.5.1  |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1872682 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | N/A |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-25754 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | ksw9722 |
| **Submitted** | May 8, 2023, 2:00PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | May 18, 2023, 3:47PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1872682*