# Possible DoS Vulnerability with Range Header in Rack

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

Possible DoS Vulnerability with Range Header in Rack

There is a possible DoS vulnerability relating to the Range request header in Rack. This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2024-26141.

Versions Affected: >= 1.3.0. Not affected: < 1.3.0 Fixed Versions: 3.0.9.1, 2.2.8.1

Impact
Carefully crafted Range headers can cause a server to respond with an unexpectedly large response. Responding with such large responses could lead to a denial of service issue.

Vulnerable applications will use the Rack::File middleware or the Rack::Utils.byte_ranges methods (this includes Rails applications).

Credits
Thank you ooooooo_q for the report and patch

Full Security Advisory: https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/t/possible-dos-vulnerability-with-range-header-in-rack/84944

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

I made a report and patch at https://hackerone.com/reports/2307813.

https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/t/possible-dos-vulnerability-with-range-header-in-rack/84944

> There is a possible DoS vulnerability relating to the Range request header in Rack. This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2024-26141.
> Versions Affected: >= 1.3.0. Not affected: < 1.3.0 Fixed Versions: 3.0.9.1, 2.2.8.1

## Impact

> Carefully crafted Range headers can cause a server to respond with an unexpectedly large response. Responding with such large responses could lead to a denial of service issue.

> Vulnerable applications will use the Rack::File middleware or the Rack::Utils.byte_ranges methods (this includes Rails applications).

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2520679 |
| **Title** | Possible DoS Vulnerability with Range Header in Rack |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2520679 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (?) |
| **Weakness** | N/A |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2024-26141 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | ooooooo_q |
| **Submitted** | May 26, 2024, 9:31AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 25, 2024, 12:02AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2520679*