# CVE-2024-31079 in nginx

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

K000139611: NGINX HTTP/3 QUIC vulnerability CVE-2024-31079

Security Advisory Description

When NGINX Plus or NGINX OSS are configured to use the HTTP/3 QUIC module, undisclosed HTTP/3 requests can cause NGINX worker processes to terminate or cause other potential impact. This attack requires that a request be specifically timed during the connection draining process, which the attacker has no visibility and limited influence over. (CVE-2024-31079)

Note: This issue affects NGINX systems compiled with the ngx_http_v3_module module, where the configuration contains a listen directive with the quic option enabled. The HTTP/3 QUIC module is considered an experimental feature and is not compiled by default in NGINX OSS, but it is compiled by default in NGINX Plus. For more information, refer to Support for QUIC and HTTP/3. Additionally, because users control their own custom build environments, certain security measures may not be implemented in the users' build configurations. These security measures may include memory-related build and system configuration options. Consequently, the severity of the impact depends on whether users build the software with or without security options or utilize pre-built binaries, which include security protections by default.

Impact

Client traffic may be disrupted while the worker process restarts. This vulnerability allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) or other potential impact. There is no control plane exposure; this is a data plane issue only.

Security Advisory Status

F5 Product Development has assigned ID NFOSS-826 (NGINX Plus and NGINX OSS) to this vulnerability. This issue has been classified as CWE-121: Stack-based Buffer Overflow.

Full Security Advisory: https://my.f5.com/manage/s/article/K000139611

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

When NGINX Plus or NGINX OSS are configured to use the HTTP/3 QUIC module, undisclosed HTTP/3 requests can cause NGINX worker processes to terminate or cause other potential impact. This attack requires that a request be specifically timed during the connection draining process, which the attacker has no visibility and limited influence over.

## Impact

An undisclosed HTTP/3 requests can cause NGINX worker processes to terminate or cause other potential impact.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2526051 |
| **Title** | CVE-2024-31079 in nginx |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2526051 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Stack Overflow |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2024-31079 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | noentry |
| **Submitted** | May 30, 2024, 9:27AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 1, 2024, 8:41AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2526051*