# View HackerOne challenge scope before challenge begins

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

**Summary:** Hi team, I have come across an issue where I am able to view a HackerOne challenge scope before the challenge begins. The issue here being that I can get an understanding of what the in-scope assets are before a challenge starts, allowing myself to start researching and finding bugs to hold on to until the challenge begins.

You can see this by going to the challenge's `scope_versions` page before the challenge starts and the scope is still hidden: `https://hackerone.com/{challengeName}/scope_versions`

The program policy states the scope will be displayed at a later date
>Congratulations! You've been invited to participate in a HackerOne Challenge. More details around the scope, bounty structure, etc. will be available when the Challenge begins.

### Steps To Reproduce

1. If you have access to a HackerOne challenge (before it starts, while the scope is hidden), access that challenge's `scope_versions` page. The current one I have access to is: ███
2. Notice you can see the current scope, and scope history of this challenge, displaying the in-scope assets for the challenge prior to release.
██████

## Impact

This gives an unfair advantage to the researcher's identifying the scope, as they are able to see the in-scope assets for the challenge, allowing them to do recon and research before the scope is announced. Given the limited time for the challenge, this could be used to manipulate the results and gather bugs before the challenge begins.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #565736 |
| **Title** | View HackerOne challenge scope before challenge begins |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/565736 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (2.7) |
| **Weakness** | Forced Browsing |
| **Program** | HackerOne |
| **Reporter** | neema |
| **Submitted** | May 4, 2019, 3:23AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 11, 2019, 3:45PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: high
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/565736*