# Local privilege escalation via insecure MSI file

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary
I've found a vulnerability which leads to a local privilege escalation starting from a non-admin user.

When `True Image` client installs it drops 2 MSI files into `C:\Windows\Installer` folder.
Since this folder (by default) is readable by anyone, a non-admin user can execute commands like `msiexec /fa installer_name.msi`, which forces `installer_name.msi` to "repair" the program.

One of these 2 MSIs (i can't named it because MSI file names are random and unique for every installation) when forced to repair it creates a dll in `%TEMP%\random_name` and then, after some time, `MsiExec.exe` loads it. Since `MsiExec.exe` auto-escalate privileges when executed and `%TEMP%` is writable by anyone, this behavior could be abused to gain `nt authority\system` privileges.

## Steps To Reproduce
  1.  Open `%TEMP%` and `C:\Windows\Installer`
  2.  Locate the MSI file in the installer folder: it's 1.3 GB large and has `Acronis` as author 
  3.  Open `cmd.exe` and execute `msiexec /fa C:\Windows\Installer\installer_name.msi`.  After few seconds a new folder will appear in `%TEMP%`
  4.  Replace `schedule.dll` inside that folder with the `schedule.dll` attachment  in this report
  5.  Wait until the process finishes. After some time a UAC should prompt, just select "no"
  6.  A new cmd should pop up. Type `whoami` to confirm the new privileges


I've also recorded a PoC video in case something it's not clear.

## Recommendations
Do not use local `%TEMP%` to create `schedule.dll`, use `C:\Windows\TEMP`.

## Impact

LPEs like this one are often used by malwares to evade antivirus engines, install rootkits, spread over the network, etc...
A malware author could use this exploit to target Acronis end users.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1071832 |
| **Title** | Local privilege escalation via insecure MSI file |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1071832 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (7.9) |
| **Weakness** | Privilege Escalation |
| **Program** | Acronis |
| **Reporter** | twvyy3vyaw8k |
| **Submitted** | January 5, 2021, 10:38AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | August 7, 2021, 7:11PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: local
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: required
- **Scope**: changed
- **Confidentiality**: high
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1071832*