# Guest Users can create issues for Sentry errors and track their status

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

### Summary
 
According to the [permission docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/permissions.html) and [Error Tracking Docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/operations/error_tracking.html#error-tracking-list) , only User with role `Reporter` or more can see or modify the Error Tracking details. However, the "Create Issue" allows a particular `Guest` user to create a reference issue for the error and track its status whenever some other user resolves it.

### Steps to reproduce

(Step-by-step guide to reproduce the issue, including:)

1. Consider a private project with `Guest` role user.
2.  Connect `Sentry` to this project from the `Maintainer` account.
3. And create new issues in Sentry. This automatically populates these errors in https://gitlab.com/project_name/-/error_tracking/.
4. Now, consider the request for creating an issue.

     POST Data format for this is as follows: 
     ```
     issue[title]=Title
     issue[description]= Description
     issue[sentry_issue_attributes][sentry_issue_identifier]=Error_Id
     authenticity_token= your_auth_token
     ```
5. Change `Error_Id` parameter to some  Error's reference id value (this is basically Sentry's Error id).
6. Now, execute the request from `Guest`'s session. This creates an issue for that particular error.
7. Now, go to the `Maintainer`'s login and resolve the error. This will close the issue that created by the `Guest User` with the message `@Maintainer resolved the corresponding error and closed the issue`.

## Impact

Using this vulnerability, Guest Users can create issues for  Sentry errors and track their Status.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1117768 |
| **Title** | Guest Users can create issues for Sentry errors and track their status |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1117768 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (3.1) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Access Control - Generic |
| **Program** | GitLab |
| **Reporter** | maruthi12 |
| **Submitted** | March 5, 2021, 4:24AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 24, 2021, 12:07PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1117768*