# Argo CD reconciles apps outside configured namespaces when sharding is enabled

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

Controller reconciles apps outside configured namespaces when sharding is enabled

Impact
All Argo CD versions starting with 2.5.0-rc1 are vulnerable to an authorization bypass bug which allows a malicious Argo CD user to deploy Applications outside the configured allowed namespaces.

Description of exploit
Reconciled Application namespaces are specified as a comma-delimited list of glob patterns. When sharding is enabled on the Application controller, it does not enforce that list of patterns when reconciling Applications. For example, if Application namespaces are configured to be argocd-*, the Application controller may reconcile an Application installed in a namespace called other, even though it does not start with argocd-.

Reconciliation of the out-of-bounds Application is only triggered when the Application is updated, so the attacker must be able to cause an update operation on the Application resource.

Credits
Thanks to ChangZhuo Chen (@czchen) for finding the issue and for contributing the fix!

Full GHSA: https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/security/advisories/GHSA-6p4m-hw2h-6gmw



### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

The Application CRD outside configured namespace in Argo CD will be reconciled.

The following is how to reproduce the vulnerability:

* Enable `apps-in-any-namespace` and `sharding` features.
* Create an Application CRD in namespace not configured in Argo CD.
* Update the Application CRD, and Argo CD will reconcile the Application CRD, despite not in configured namespace.

## Impact

Attacker can use Argo CD permission to deploy resources in Kubernetes.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1847140 |
| **Title** | Argo CD reconciles apps outside configured namespaces when sharding is enabled |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1847140 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (8.5) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Access Control - Generic |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-22736 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | czchen |
| **Submitted** | January 25, 2023, 7:04PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | March 5, 2023, 4:49PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: changed
- **Confidentiality**: high
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1847140*