# odbc apache airflow provider code execution vulnerability

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

CVE-2023-34395: Apache Airflow ODBC Provider: Remote code execution vulnerability
Severity: moderate

Affected versions:
- Apache Airflow ODBC Provider before 4.0.0

Description:
Improper Neutralization of Argument Delimiters in a Command ('Argument Injection') vulnerability in Apache Software Foundation Apache Airflow ODBC Provider.
In OdbcHook, A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in a system due to controllable ODBC driver parameters that allow the loading of arbitrary dynamic-link libraries, resulting in command execution.
Starting version 4.0.0 driver can be set only from the hook constructor.
This issue affects Apache Airflow ODBC Provider: before 4.0.0.

Credit:
KmhlYXJ0 (finder)

Security Advisory: https://lists.apache.org/thread/l26yykftzbhc9tgcph8cso88bc2lqwwd

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

In  airflow.providers.odbc.hooks.odbc.OdbcHook, A privilege escalation vulnerability exists in a system due to controllable ODBC driver parameters that allow the loading of arbitrary dynamic-link libraries, resulting in command execution.

Vulnerability reproduction steps: 
1. get a malicious dynamic-link library driver
A simple way to obtain a malicious dynamic-link library driver is to obtain the driver source code, add malicious code into the driver code and compile it. So I download a mysql-odbc-driver from https://cdn.mysql.com//Downloads/Connector-ODBC/8.0/mysql-connector-odbc-8.0.33-src.tar.gz，add I add `system('touch /tmp/apache-ariflow-odbc')` in driver.ansi.SQLDriverConnect function. After Compilation, I get a dynamic library `libmyodbc8a.so`.

2. config odbc connection
Go to the Connection configuration page. Add a `driver` parameter in the extra location, with the parameter being the file path of the previously obtained dynamic-link library file.

3. click on the test button
Click on the test button and it can be observed that the command is executed and a file named apache-ariflow-odbc is generated in the /tmp directory.

This is a screenshot of my email exchange with Airflow developers:
█████
█████

## Impact

Upgrade any local user to Airflow user privileges.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2065306 |
| **Title** | odbc apache airflow provider code execution vulnerability |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2065306 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (6.7) |
| **Weakness** | Privilege Escalation |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | kmhlyxj0 |
| **Submitted** | July 12, 2023, 11:23AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | August 26, 2023, 11:40AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: local
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: high
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: high
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2065306*