# CVE-2023-40611: Apache Airflow Dag Runs Broken Access Control Vulnerability

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

CVE-2023-40611: Apache Airflow Dag Runs Broken Access Control Vulnerability
Severity: low

Affected versions:
- Apache Airflow before 2.7.1

Description:
Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.1, is affected by a vulnerability that allows authenticated and DAG-view authorized Users to modify some DAG run detail values when submitting notes. This could have them alter details such as configuration parameters, start date, etc.

Users should upgrade to version 2.7.1 or later which has removed the vulnerability.

Credit:
happyhacking (finder)

Full Security Advisory: https://lists.apache.org/thread/8y9xk1s3j4qr36yzqn8ogbn9fl7pxrn0

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

##Description:

Apache Airflow, versions before 2.7.1, is affected by a vulnerability that allows authenticated and DAG-view authorized Users to modify some DAG run detail values when submitting notes. This could have them alter details such as configuration parameters, start date, etc.

Users should upgrade to version 2.7.1 or later which has removed the vulnerability.

##Vulnerability Exploitation:

1.Select Browse-->DAG Runs, we can see the Dag Run list.

{F2691945}

2.Select a Dag, and edit it.

{F2691944}

3. We can see that the Conf parameter text box is gray and cannot be edited. The current user does not have permission to modify the Conf value.

{F2691946}

4.Click Save to intercept the request message and modify the parameter value of Conf to "1111111111111".

{F2691948}

5.Successfully modified beyond permission.

{F2691947}

## Impact

Broken Access Control

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2144868 |
| **Title** | CVE-2023-40611: Apache Airflow Dag Runs Broken Access Control Vulnerability |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2144868 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Access Control - Generic |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-40611 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | x_h1 |
| **Submitted** | September 12, 2023, 1:09PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 27, 2023, 3:08PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2144868*