# User with removed manage shops permissions is still able to make changes to a shop 

### SUMMARY BY SHOPIFY

@flashdisk reported that revoking access from a staff member in the partner dashboard did not log them out of the admin areas of shops they had logged into.

He also reported that, as a further implication, the partner would still have access to embedded apps they might have logged into. This is expected and something we were already aware of, as Shopify has no way to let apps know of a user logging out at this time. Sessions managed by apps are separate from admin sessions by design.

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

#Description 
it has been noticed that when a partner account user with `` manage shops `` permissions installs app in the one of the managed shops he can still be able to make changes to the shop through that app although his `` manage shops `` permissions were revoked on partners.shopify.com.

#POC

1. create partners account on partners.shopify.com and add staff member with `` manage shops `` permissions.

2. create development store and login to the store with the created staff account with `` manage shops `` permissions.

3. install order printer app and access that app and press on ``manage templates`` button and create template.

4. after creating the template press on ``delete`` for the created template and intercept the request with burp, don;t send it.

5. go to https://partners.shopify.com/664398/memberships and remove `` manage shops `` permissions for the staff account.

6. send the request from step 4 and you will notice that the template was deleted although the user doesn't have `` manage shops `` permissions.

#NOTE 
I also tested this **Bulk Discounts** app and it gave me permissions to create new discount code for each order although I was missing the `` manage shops `` permissions.

#IMPACT
a partner staff member can make drastic changes to a store after revoking his permissions.

thanks. 

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #273099 |
| **Title** | User with removed manage shops permissions is still able to make changes to a shop  |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/273099 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Access Control - Generic |
| **Program** | Shopify |
| **Reporter** | flashdisk |
| **Submitted** | September 29, 2017, 7:42PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | June 12, 2020, 2:11PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/273099*