# Subdomain takeover of datacafe-cert.starbucks.com

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

**Summary:**
The subdomain datacafe-cert.starbucks.com had an CNAME record pointing to an unclaimed Azure webservice. This is a high severity security issue because an attacker can register the subdomain on Azure and therefore can own the subdomain datacafe-cert.starbucks.com.

**Description:**
The dangling CNAME record of datacafe-cert.starbucks.com is pointing to s00397nasv101-datacafe-cert.azurewebsites.net which was not claimed by you. I registered a service with this name and therefore was able to takeover the subdomain. Every attacker doing this has afterwords full control over the contents served on this subdomain.

**Platform(s) Affected:** 
http://datacafe-cert.starbucks.com/
https://datacafe-cert.starbucks.com/

## Supporting Material/References:
view-source:http://datacafe-cert.starbucks.com/

## How can the system be exploited with this bug?
The full domain can be taken over. Arbitrary content can be served under it.

## How did you come across this bug ?
I noticed the dangling CNAME record of datacafe-cert.starbucks.com.

## Recommendations for fix
1) Remove the dangling CNAME record from datacafe-cert.starbucks.com
2) I release s00397nasv101-datacafe-cert.azurewebsites.net
3) You can reclaim it if you want

## Impact

This issue can be exploited in several ways, for example but not limited to: XSS, Phishing, Session Hijacking due to bypassing of SOP

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #665398 |
| **Title** | Subdomain takeover of datacafe-cert.starbucks.com |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/665398 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (7.5) |
| **Weakness** | Privilege Escalation |
| **Program** | Starbucks |
| **Reporter** | parzel |
| **Submitted** | August 1, 2019, 10:49AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | August 28, 2019, 4:43PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/665398*