# CSRF vulnerability in Nextcloud Desktop Client 3.6.1 on Windows when clicking malicious link 

### SUMMARY BY NEXTCLOUD

Security advisory at https://github.com/nextcloud/security-advisories/security/advisories/GHSA-4gfv-xqpx-42qj

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary
It is possible to make a user send any POST request with an arbitrary body given they click on a malicious deep link. (e.g. in an email, chat link, etc)

This vulnerability was introduced in an attempt to fix #1720043. The patch however can be bypassed and also introduced a CSRF vulnerability.

## Steps To Reproduce:
The following reproduction steps send a OCS API request to the `/ocs/v1.php/cloud/users` endpoint with the following post body: `path=/.\&userid=hacker&password=h4ck3rPassw0Rd!&displayName=hacker&email=mail@example.com&groups[]=admin&\..\.owncloudsync.log`. If the victim is not an administrator, one would need to target another controller.

  1. Open the following deeplink on a Windows machine with the Nextcloud Desktop Client installed. Make sure to adjust the victim username and instance URL: `nc://open/admin@pentest.cloud.wtf/.\&userid=hacker&password=h4ck3rPassw0Rd!&displayName=hacker&email=mail@example.com&groups[]=admin&\..\.owncloudsync.log?token=../../../../../../../ocs/v1.php/cloud/users`
  1. Verify that a user called "hacker" is created on the instance and added to the admin group.

## Root cause

The attempt to fix #1720043 was done with https://github.com/nextcloud/desktop/pull/5055 and introduced the [following code](https://github.com/nextcloud/desktop/blob/2f6b56748a4f6a4097a1e11c147d4fd71db993d4/src/gui/folderman.cpp#L1498-L1500):

```cpp
    const auto checkTokenForEditLocally = new SimpleApiJob(accountFound->account(), QStringLiteral("/ocs/v2.php/apps/files/api/v1/openlocaleditor/%1").arg(token));
    checkTokenForEditLocally->setVerb(SimpleApiJob::Verb::Post);
    checkTokenForEditLocally->setBody(QByteArray{"path=/"}.append(relPath.toUtf8()));
```

There are two vulnerabilities here that can be chained together:

-  **Token is not encoded**:`token` is concatenated directly into the URL and not properly encoded. Passing a `token` such like `?token=../../../../../../../ocs/v1.php/cloud/users` will make the request therefore go to `/ocs/v2.php/apps/files/api/v1/openlocaleditor/../../../../../../../ocs/v1.php/cloud/users` which means `/ocs/v1.php/cloud/users`.
- **Relative file path is not encoded**: `relPath` is concatenated directly into the POST body and not properly encoded. Passing a path such as `.\&userid=hacker&password=h4ck3rPassw0Rd!&displayName=hacker&email=mail@example.com&groups[]=admin&\..\.owncloudsync.log` will therefore create several request POST parameters. (Note: `./owncloudsync.log` is a default file which I use here to ensure the file exists check earlier in the code works)

## Supporting Material/References:

- Screenshot of the request: F1992646
- Screenshot of the created user: F1992654


## Disclosure Policy
Please note that all bugs reported by [Authentick GmbH](https://www.authentick.net/) will be publicly disclosed within 90 days of vendor notification. In extraordinary cases we may increase that upon request by the vendor.

## Impact

It is possible to make a user send any POST request with an arbitrary body given they click on a malicious deep link. (e.g. in an email, chat link, etc)

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1741430 |
| **Title** | CSRF vulnerability in Nextcloud Desktop Client 3.6.1 on Windows when clicking malicious link  |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1741430 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (5.3) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-22472 |
| **Program** | Nextcloud |
| **Reporter** | lukasreschke |
| **Submitted** | October 19, 2022, 11:22AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | January 11, 2023, 9:27AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: local
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: required
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: low

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1741430*