# Subdomain Takeover of brand.zen.ly

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Hello Gents,

### Background:
> + Subdomain takeover vulnerabilities occur when a subdomain (subdomain.example.com) is pointing to a service (e.g. GitHub pages, Heroku, etc.) that has been removed or deleted. This allows an attacker to set up a page on the service that was being used and point their page to that subdomain. For example, if subdomain.example.com was pointing to a GitHub page and the user decided to delete their GitHub page, an attacker can now create a GitHub page, add a CNAME file containing subdomain.example.com, and claim subdomain.example.com.

### Summary:
+ I just went to `brand.zen.ly` and it shows an error "Not Found", also I've checked the CNAME is pointing to `brandpad.io`, which means it can be added to any account.
+ This is pretty serious security issue in some context, so please act as fast as possible.
+ I was able to takeover `brand.zen.ly` by registering at **Brandpad**.

### Vulnerable URL:
+ https://brand.zen.ly

### Proof of Concept:
```
└─$ dig brand.zen.ly
brand.zen.ly.		255	IN	CNAME	brandpad.io.
```
+ Please visit: https://brand.zen.ly.

+ {F1610891}

### Recommended Fix:
+ Check your DNS-configuration for subdomains pointing to services not in use.
+ Set up your external service so it fully listens to your wildcard DNS.

## Impact

+ Subdomain takeover is abused for several purposes:
1. Malware distribution.
2. Phishing / Spear phishing.
3. XSS and steal cookies.
4. Bypass domain security.
5. Legitimate mail sending and receiving on behalf of Datadog subdomain.

Thanks and have a nice day!

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1474784 |
| **Title** | Subdomain Takeover of brand.zen.ly |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1474784 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | N/A |
| **Program** | Zenly |
| **Reporter** | hackersight |
| **Submitted** | February 8, 2022, 7:12PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | February 17, 2022, 10:09AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1474784*