# SQL Injection in ████

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:

There is an SQL injection vulnerability in the SSN field at https://██████████/████/candidate_app/status_scholarship.aspx

## Impact

An attacker could use this vulnerability to control the content in the database, exfiltrate information, and potentially obtain remote code execution.

## Step-by-step Reproduction Instructions

Follow these steps:
1. Visit https://███/███/candidate_app/status_scholarship.aspx
2. Right click on the SSN field, click Inspect Element, and edit `maxlength="9"` by changing it to `maxlength="9999"` (or something similar, so that a longer payload can be put in)
3. Choose a random birth date, for example, January 1, 1990.
4. Enter in your SQL injection payload into the SSN field. For example, try `' OR '1'='1`.
5. Click "Check Status". Your SQLi payload will execute. If you did the example payload in step 4, assuming someone has the birth date you entered, it will log in as them and check their scholarship status.

Also, I didn't do much testing, but I think the birth date is also vulnerable to SQL injection. After sending the request, in the network tab, Edit and Resend Request after changing the birth day, month, or year to a payload that will cause invalid syntax like `'`. It will give you an HTTP 500 response. If you do a payload that won't cause invalid syntax like `''`, it will give you an HTTP 200.

## Suggested Mitigation/Remediation Actions
Sanitize everything (use prepared statements) and validate the data.

## Impact

An attacker could use this vulnerability to control the content in the database, exfiltrate information, and potentially obtain remote code execution.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #419017 |
| **Title** | SQL Injection in ████ |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/419017 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (?) |
| **Weakness** | SQL Injection |
| **Program** | U.S. Dept Of Defense |
| **Reporter** | arinerron2 |
| **Submitted** | October 4, 2018, 2:39PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | August 19, 2019, 12:22PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/419017*