# Static files on HackerOne.com can be made inaccessible through Cache Poisoning attack

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:

Hi,

The host hackerone.com uses cloudlfare to cache static files. The header x-forwarded-scheme can be used to cause a redirect loop, which will be cached by cloudflare. By taking down a JS file, it is possible to  cause a total loss of availability on hackerone.com 

### Disclaimer

No actual denial of service attack was caused in my testing. All the testing used cache-busters, meaning it did not affect the live website in any way

## Steps To Reproduce

1.  Send the following request:

```http
GET /assets/static/js/8.9572d249.chunk.js?hackerone=poc HTTP/2
Host: hackerone.com
x-forwarded-scheme: http

```

make sure to use a get parameter as a cachebuster

2.  You should notice a 301 redirect to the same page. Since the redirect poins to the same exact page, it will not be a redirect loop. The 301 is cached and removing the header will show the same redirect loop. 


### Video PoC

 ████

## Impact

The same attack that was reproduced on `/assets/static/js/8.9572d249.chunk.js?hackerone=poc` could be reproduced on the actual file without any random parameter. This would cause the file to no longer be accessible, hence causing a DoS on any pages relying on that js file. This works on any file that is cached on hackerone.com/*, including images, css files, js files  etc. Other than js files that would make the page unusuable, an attacker could also make images unavailable, etc.

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

For more details about the vulnerability, check out:
https://youst.in/posts/cache-poisoning-at-scale/

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1181946 |
| **Title** | Static files on HackerOne.com can be made inaccessible through Cache Poisoning attack |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1181946 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (4.4) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **Program** | HackerOne |
| **Reporter** | youstin |
| **Submitted** | May 1, 2021, 1:20PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | December 22, 2021, 11:36PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: low

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1181946*