# [CVE-2023-22799] Possible ReDoS based DoS vulnerability in GlobalID

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

There is a ReDoS based DoS vulnerability in the GlobalID gem. This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2023-22799.

Versions Affected: >= 0.2.1 Not affected: NOTAFFECTED Fixed Versions: 1.0.1

##Impact
There is a possible DoS vulnerability in the model name parsing section of the GlobalID gem. Carefully crafted input can cause the regular expression engine to take an unexpected amount of time. All users running an affected release should either upgrade or use one of the workarounds immediately.

##Releases
The FIXED releases are available at the normal locations.

##Workarounds
There are no feasible workarounds for this issue.

##Patches
To aid users who aren’t able to upgrade immediately we have provided patches for the two supported release series. They are in git-am format and consist of a single changeset.

- 1-0-model-name-redos.patch - Patch for 1.0 series

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

I made a report and patch at https://hackerone.com/reports/1696752.

https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/t/cve-2023-22799-possible-redos-based-dos-vulnerability-in-globalid/82127
> There is a possible DoS vulnerability in the model name parsing section of the GlobalID gem. Carefully crafted input can cause the regular expression engine to take an unexpected amount of time. All users running an affected release should either upgrade or use one of the workarounds immediately.

## Impact

ReDoS occurs in Global ID uri parsing.
Global ID is supposed to be used in ActiveJob, but it is also used in libraries such as GraphQL Ruby and uses user input.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2012135 |
| **Title** | [CVE-2023-22799] Possible ReDoS based DoS vulnerability in GlobalID |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2012135 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-22799 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | ooooooo_q |
| **Submitted** | June 4, 2023, 8:02AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 27, 2023, 6:45AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2012135*