# DOS: taking down a 1k users Gitlab EE instance or multiple Sidekiq instances by importing a malicious repo from a Github EE self-hosted server

### SUMMARY BY GITLAB

This report described a vulnerability in GitLab where an attacker could cause a server side denial of service by importing a malicious payload via the GitHub importer functionality.

More details can be found https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab/-/issues/463092

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

When importing a project from Github (dotcom or GHES) server, Gitlab uses Octokit to fetch necessary infos (repo, contributors, pull requests, notes,...).

Under the hood, Octokit uses [Sawyer](https://github.com/lostisland/sawyer) as its hypermedia agent. Github API requests will return ```Sawyer::Resource``` objects. A  ```Sawyer::Resource``` object is placeholder of around 10 nested Ruby objects (most of them are Ruby Hash objects). **Parsing a 1MB data (response) into ```Sawyer::Resource``` objects results in allocating 250MB memory.** Parsing some responses concurrently would cause OOM-killed to the Puma main process --> knocking down Gitlab web services. It takes around 2 minutes for the Puma main process and all workers to restart.

This is my first H1 report. I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to @h1_analyst_indy and @gmyers for your patience while dealing with me and my (many) wrong assumptions :v

Also thanks @ammar2 for below blog post about an issue that "allowed anyone to send certain malformed packets and crash a MineCraft server by running it out of memory". 
https://blog.ammaraskar.com/minecraft-vulnerability-advisory/

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2499070 |
| **Title** | DOS: taking down a 1k users Gitlab EE instance or multiple Sidekiq instances by importing a malicious repo from a Github EE self-hosted server |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2499070 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (6.5) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **Program** | GitLab |
| **Reporter** | anhiu102 |
| **Submitted** | May 10, 2024, 10:48AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 9, 2024, 5:49PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | no-content |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2499070*