# Fix for CVE-2018-12122 can be bypassed via keep-alive requests

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

**Summary:** Fix for CVE-2018-12122 can be bypassed via keep-alive requests

**Description:**

I'm not a security expert, neither I'm familiar with Node.js core, so please forgive me if this report is inaccurate (and in that case, sorry for your time).

While investigating the issue [#515](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/24760)I checked out the fix to Fix for CVE-2018-12122 in node 8.14.0 and - according to my tests - the fix can be bypassed using a keep-alive connection.

The core of the fix is to introduce `headersTimeout`, which is a timeout that destroy the socket if all headers are not received within that timeout. As far as I can see from [this changeset](https://github.com/nodejs/node/commit/696f063c5e), the `parser.parsingHeadersStart` timestamp is set on `connectionListenerInternal()`, reset to zero once the full request headers are received (this is used as a short circuit in `onParserExecute()`) , but it's never set againt to a timestamp once a subsequent request on the same keep-alive connection is received.

## Steps To Reproduce

1. Run an HTTP server and lower `headersTimeout` to 10s for simplicity (faster to test)

```
const http = require("http");

const server = http.createServer((req, res) => {
    res.writeHead(200);
    res.end();
});

server.headersTimeout   = 10000;
server.keepAliveTimeout = 60000;

server.listen(4050);
```

2. Connect with `telnet localhost 4050`

3. Send the first request, typing...

```
GET / HTTP/1.1
Connection: keep-alive

```

4. Then, once the server response is received, send only the first line of the subsequent request on the same connection:

```
GET / HTTP/1.1
```

5. Wait longer than the headersTimeout and send a second header

```
Host: localhost
```

6. Wait more time, if you want send further headers, and finally a newline to signal the end of the headers request. The server will **not** destroy the socket / close the connection after 10s (or whatever `headersTimeout` is set to), but will successfully reply.

## Impact

To my understanding, it has the same impact of `CVE-2018-12122`, but I may also be terribly wrong.

## Supporting Material/References:

N/A

## Impact

It may DoS a Node.js application.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #453513 |
| **Title** | Fix for CVE-2018-12122 can be bypassed via keep-alive requests |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/453513 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2018-12122 |
| **Program** | Node.js |
| **Reporter** | mpracucci |
| **Submitted** | December 1, 2018, 10:03AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | February 13, 2020, 11:57PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/453513*