# ActiveStorage throws exception when using whitespace as filename, may lead to denial of service of multiple pages

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

**Summary:**
Hi team, 
I've found an issue on the profile picture upload feature of your asset - https://hackerone.com, which can allow a malicious attacker to perform an application wide denial of service attack.
**Description:**
I was playing with the profile picture upload feature, then i observed that when we change the name of our profile picture to `+` , `%0d%0a` , or  `%20` and then refresh the profile page, it would give an internal server error. Then i observed the same behaviour at everyplace where my profile picture was being reflected for example the programs thanks section, hacktivity section or even the directory section. This leads to site wide Denial of Service that will deny all the users from performing any actions. 

### Steps To Reproduce

1. Login and visit edit profile page. 
2. Select a normal profile picture and click `Update Profile` button
3. Intercept this Request and change the filename to `+` by editing the request as shown in  ██████████
4. Turn off the intercept button and the refresh the update page.
5. Notice that it wont load. 
Now the similar behaviour can be observed at every place where your profile picture is shown.  

### Optional: Supporting Material/References (Screenshots)

 * █████

### Optional: Did you use [recon data made available by HackerOne](https://github.com/Hacker0x01/helpful-recon-data) to find this vulnerability?

no

## Impact

Application wide denial of service. The more places where the profile pictures are being shown, the higher the impact for example - hacktivity, program from page, thanks page, etc

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #713407 |
| **Title** | ActiveStorage throws exception when using whitespace as filename, may lead to denial of service of multiple pages |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/713407 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (6.6) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **Program** | HackerOne |
| **Reporter** | ninetynine |
| **Submitted** | October 14, 2019, 5:08AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | December 13, 2019, 5:17PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: required
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/713407*