# Denial of Service in anti_ransomware_service.exe via logs files

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

anti_ransomware_service.exe keeps a log in a folder where any unprivileged user has write permissions. The logs are generated in a predictable pattern allowing the unprivileged user to create a hardlink from the, not yet created, log file to the anti_ransomware_service itself. On reboot, this forces the anti_ransomware_service to try to write its log into its own process, crashing in a SHARING VIOLATION. This crash occurs on every reboot.

Steps to reproduce:
1. Download the symbolic link testing tools by James Forshaw:
    https://github.com/googleprojectzero/symboliclink-testing-tools
2. Create hardlink from the next log file in line. E.g. If active_protection.1.log exist but not active_protection.2.log, create the hardlink on number 2 and so on.
    CreateHardlink.exe "C:\ProgramData\Acronis\ActiveProtection\Logs\active_protection.2.log" "C:\Program Files (x86)\Common Files\Acronis\ActiveProtection\anti_ransomware_service.exe"
3. Reboot and verify that anti_ransomware_service.exe is not running.

## Impact

The anti_ransomware_service.exe stops working from the first reboot (step 3) and onwards. This is a silent fail meaning that the user is not aware of the failing protection of the anti_ransomware_service.exe making the user vulnerable to ransomware.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #858603 |
| **Title** | Denial of Service in anti_ransomware_service.exe via logs files |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/858603 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (4.7) |
| **Weakness** | Uncontrolled Resource Consumption |
| **Program** | Acronis |
| **Reporter** | mjoensen |
| **Submitted** | April 24, 2020, 11:23AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | June 24, 2021, 8:21AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: local
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/858603*