# DOM Based Reflected Cross Site Scripting

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:
I hope you're doing well. I stumbled upon one of your assets. Upon further inspection I realized that the asset was running an outdated version of Swagger. 
The outdated version of Swagger is well-known for Cross-Site Scripting vulnerabilities so I went ahead and attempted to test it in  https://notification-server-v2.sz-my.mtn.com/.  Turns out, it's vulnerable to Cross-Site Scripting. To reproduce it, please follow the steps of reproduction. I have not assessed the full impact of this vulnerability but it is highly probable that a malicious actor could exploit to takeover accounts of applications hosted under *.mtn.com. I hope this gets patched soon. If there's some additional information that you need from my side, please let me know. Thank you. 

## Steps To Reproduce:
[add details for how we can reproduce the issue]

  1. Go to the following URL https://notification-server-v2.sz-my.mtn.com/index.html?configUrl=https://jumpy-floor.surge.sh/test.json
  1. Observe the alert pop up like in the screenshot below
  

{F2983813}

## Supporting Material/References:
[list any additional material (e.g. screenshots, logs, etc.)]

  * [attachment / reference]

## Impact

A malicious actor could execute arbitrary scripts

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2321874 |
| **Title** | DOM Based Reflected Cross Site Scripting |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2321874 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (7.5) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - DOM |
| **Program** | MTN Group |
| **Reporter** | nhx1 |
| **Submitted** | January 16, 2024, 8:09AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | December 25, 2024, 8:12AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2321874*