# Object injection in `stripe-billing-typographic` GitHub project via /auth/login 

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:
It is possible to use an object injection failure to achieve a sql injection, where attacker uses the means to bypass authentication, requiring only a valid password within the database.

The vulnerable code is:  https://github.com/stripe/stripe-billing-typographic

For a failure to occur, it is necessary that the environment is configuring with the mysql database.  

The same scenario is seen in the demonstration environment: https://typographic.io/

## Steps To Reproduce:

  1. Register a simple user in the application, with a password at your desire. Ex:
```
user: test@test.com
password:123
```
  2. Send a request to /auth/login like this:
```
POST /auth/login

{"email":{"email":1},"password":"1234"}
```
  3. You will then see that the login was performed without the need to provide a valid user!

{F1287585}


## Supporting Material/References:
Well, the failure occurs due to the possibility of an object reaching the query, which will be handled by a dependency called sqlstring, performing some scapes, where it will cause a confusion to the query.

Sqlstring will handle {,} replacing with `. 
So your login query will be:
```
SELECT * FROM `accounts` WHERE `email`=`email`=1
```
The sql string library is a dependency on the mysql library, which is used by knex.

## Mitigation

Is a simple step, use JSON.stringfy e resolve your problem, because JSON.stringfy will transform the malicious object into a string, preventing treatment during a query.

## Impact

This vulnerability to the applied scenario makes it easier for the attacker to acquire accounts, as the attacker only needs to discover a valid password to gain access to the victim's account.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1183335 |
| **Title** | Object injection in `stripe-billing-typographic` GitHub project via /auth/login  |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1183335 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (3.7) |
| **Weakness** | Resource Injection |
| **Program** | Stripe |
| **Reporter** | ph0r3nsic |
| **Submitted** | May 3, 2021, 10:14PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | March 6, 2023, 2:03PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1183335*