# Bypass "No Links" Restriction in Biography via Protocol-Relative URL (//)

### SUMMARY BY MOZILLA

The report identifies an issue in the biography field on addons.allizom.org where the application's restriction on using links can be bypassed using protocol-relative URLs. Despite the explicit policy against links, users can embed functional hyperlinks using the syntax <a href="//evil.com">click</a>, which successfully creates clickable links that redirect to external websites.

The restriction on using links is mainly to avoid spam and not necessarily a security control, therefore, the severity of bypassing the restriction is low.

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:
The application claims to disallow hyperlinks in the Biography field with the notice:
`Links are forbidden.`
However, it is possible to bypass this restriction using a protocol-relative URL (//evil.com) in an <a> tag. This allows an attacker to embed external links despite the stated limitation, violating trust and posing security risks.


## Steps To Reproduce:
1. Log in to the website `https://addons.allizom.org`
2. Click on `edit profile`

{F4409242}

3. In the `Biography` field, there will be a warning that
`Some HTML supported: <abbr title> <acronym title> <b> <blockquote> <code> <em> <i> <li> <ol> <strong> <ul>. Links are forbidden.`

{F4409247}

4. Now, we add the <a> tag

##payload: `<a href="//evil.com">click</a>`

{F4409262}

5. Check that this <a> tag is executed. and when clicking on `click` will redirect to the page `http://evil.com/`
{F4409264}

{F4409267}

## Impact

- Violates declared application policy: users trust that links are not allowed.
- Enables attackers to embed links to:
- Phishing sites.
- Malware downloads.
- Social engineering payloads.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #3175695 |
| **Title** | Bypass "No Links" Restriction in Biography via Protocol-Relative URL (//) |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/3175695 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Input Validation |
| **Program** | Mozilla |
| **Reporter** | yoyomiski |
| **Submitted** | June 3, 2025, 10:50AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 29, 2025, 2:43PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/3175695*