# Improper UUID validation results in bypass of #419896

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

This was found while evaluating the vulnerability and patch identified in #419896.  I determined the deployed patch to be effective.  However, I noticed tracer values could be sent which didn't conform to the UUID specification as characters outside of the a-f and 0-9 ranges could be used.  For example, a value such as "zzzzzzzz-zzzz-zzzz-zzzz-zzzzzzzzzzzzzz" was accepted by the server as valid.  Likely this indicates a problem with a regex filter that needs to be slightly changed.  

Steps
1. Navigate to a program which allows anonymous submissions.
2. Open the report submission form and add an attachment.
3. Observe the request sent to /attachments includes a client side generated UUID in the tracer field.
4. Replay the request from step 3.  Use an invalid UUID (e.g. "zzzzzzzz-zzzz-zzzz-zzzz-zzzzzzzzzzzzzz") for the tracer and observe the server accepts the value.

## Impact

The impact is unknown, but it is believed to have a cascading side effect.  I was asked to submit this by @jobert.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #423073 |
| **Title** | Improper UUID validation results in bypass of #419896 |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/423073 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (7.7) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Input Validation |
| **Program** | HackerOne |
| **Reporter** | popeax |
| **Submitted** | October 12, 2018, 7:18PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 25, 2018, 10:38PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/423073*