# Remote code execution on rubygems.org

### SUMMARY BY RUBYGEMS

An unsafe object deserialization vulnerability was found in RubyGems. Unfortunately this vulnerability can be used as a way to escalate to a remote code execution exploit.

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

When parsing a gem POSTed to the `/api/v1/gems` endpoint, the rubygems.org application immediately calls `Gem::Package.new(body).spec` inside `app/models/pusher.rb`. The authors of the application correctly observed that parsing untrusted YAML is dangerous (since it can serialize more or less arbitrary objects), so they monkey-patched the spec parser to use `Psych.safe_load` set from `config/initializers/forbidden_yaml.rb`.

However, `YAML.load` is called directly when parsing the gem's checksum file in `Gem::Package#read_checksums`. Using classes accessible within the application, I was able to turn this into a call to `Marshal.load` on attacker-controlled data. From there, I was able to use known Marshal exploitation techniques to achieve code execution on the server (I'm omitting some details here for brevity so that I can submit this report right away).

A proof of concept, `poc.gem`, is attached. Run the exploit with the following command:
`cat poc.gem | curl -H 'Content-Type: application/gzip' --data-binary @- -H 'Authorization: █████' https://rubygems.org/api/v1/gems`

I ran the attached PoC twice. It just does a `wget` to my server.

Please let me know if I should clarify anything! Thanks for running this program.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #274990 |
| **Title** | Remote code execution on rubygems.org |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/274990 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Critical (?) |
| **Weakness** | Deserialization of Untrusted Data |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2017-0903 |
| **Program** | RubyGems |
| **Reporter** | max |
| **Submitted** | October 6, 2017, 8:49AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | November 9, 2017, 5:56AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/274990*