# IDOR vulnerability in unreleased HackerOne Copilot feature

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

**Summary:**
Hello HackerOne security team :-)
For a while now I have been monitoring H1 js files. I've just noticed some new GraphQL queries about `HackerOne Copilot`. While this feature has not yet been released, the vulnerability must be fixed.
`DestroyLlmConversation` GraphQL mutation is vulnerable to IDOR.

### Steps To Reproduce
1. Navigate to `https://hackerone.com/opportunities/all`
2. Execute this JS command to show `Hackerone Copilot` GUI
```javascript
document.querySelectorAll('div').forEach(e => {
    e.classList.remove('hidden');
    e.classList.remove('dark:text-white');
});
```
{F2790650}
3. Hackerone Copilot GUI will appear, here you can create a new conversation. Looks like you can't talk to LLM at the moment.
4. After creating a new conversation, look for `"operationName":"NewConversation",` graphql request in your `Proxy History` and store somewhere the value of `data.newConversation.llm_conversation.id` from the response.
5. From the second (attacker) account, send the following graphql request:
```json
{"operationName":"DestroyLlmConversation","variables":{"llmConversationId":"#"},"query":"\n  mutation DestroyLlmConversation($llmConversationId: ID!) {\n    destroyConversation(input: { llm_conversation_id: $llmConversationId }) {\n      destroyed\n    }\n  }\n"}
```
6. Go back to the victim account, refresh the page, execute the script again, and notice that the conversation is gone.

## Impact

This vulnerability allows the attacker to remove any LLM conversation in the unreleased `HackerOne Copilot` feature. This feature has not been released yet although this might still be vulnerable in the future when this feature is released.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2218334 |
| **Title** | IDOR vulnerability in unreleased HackerOne Copilot feature |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2218334 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (5.0) |
| **Weakness** | Insecure Direct Object Reference (IDOR) |
| **Program** | HackerOne |
| **Reporter** | bebiks |
| **Submitted** | October 20, 2023, 9:58PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 25, 2023, 11:17PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2218334*