# IDOR: Account Deletion via Session Misbinding – Attacker Can Delete Victim Account

### SUMMARY BY MOZILLA

An IDOR vulnerability was identified in the Firefox Accounts API endpoint `https://api.accounts.firefox.com/v1/account/destroy` that allows an authenticated attacker using SSO (i.e Google login) to delete a user's account using their email address if they are also registered using SSO. The server fails to verify that the session making the deletion request belongs to the account being deleted.



### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:
A critical vulnerability in the Firefox Accounts API allows an authenticated attacker to permanently delete any user's account by sending a `POST /v1/account/destroy` request using attacker session, but including the victim’s `email` and `authPW` (password hash) in the JSON payload. The server fails to verify that the session making the request belongs to the account being deleted.

## Steps To Reproduce:
1. Login to the victim's account.
{F4367852}

2. Use Burp Suite to intercept a request to the endpoint https://api.accounts.firefox.com/v1/account/destroy when deleting the account. Capture the JSON body, for example:
```
{
"email": "victims344@gmail.com",
"authPW": "42b4c2940fe2efecce851a2d8e9754d0f1cb1d37e3ccaabb060f9ac21900caff"
}
```
███████

3. Then cancel the request (don't let it reach the server).

4. Login to the attacker's account.
████████

5. Again, use Burp Suite to intercept a request to the same endpoint https://api.accounts.firefox.com/v1/account/destroy when deleting the account. Send it to the Repeater and cancel the request.
██████

6. In the attacker's request, replace the JSON body with the victim's harvested data:
```
{
"email": "victims344@gmail.com",
"authPW": "42b4c2940fe2efecce851a2d8e9754d0f1cb1d37e3ccaabb060f9ac21900caff"
}
```
Send the request.
{F4367860}

7. The server accepts the request and deletes the victim's account, even if it was from the attacker's session.
{F4367861}

## Impact

**==Allows attackers to delete victim accounts without permission.==**

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #3154983 |
| **Title** | IDOR: Account Deletion via Session Misbinding – Attacker Can Delete Victim Account |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/3154983 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (?) |
| **Weakness** | Insecure Direct Object Reference (IDOR) |
| **Program** | Mozilla |
| **Reporter** | z3phyrus |
| **Submitted** | May 20, 2025, 3:52PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | June 3, 2025, 8:38AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/3154983*