# IDOR with Geolocation data not stripped from images

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Vulnerable URL :-   ████

Vulnerability Discription:
When an image is taken using a smartphone or camera certain metadata fields are often attached to it. These fields could include the model of the camera, the time it was taken, whether the flash was used, the shutter speed, focal length, light value and even the location. In Inturn, while uploading the image as a profile picture, the exif data is not stripped from images. The exif data in images contains sensitive data like Geoloacation, latitude, longitude, etc. Also it contains the camera information and other details. 

And your website vulnerable to image IDOR which allows attacker to see other users images and retrive data using tool.

Tools Used: exiftool.

Steps TO reproduce:

Use  2 accounts in two browser

Download images from here 

https://github.com/ianare/exif-samples/tree/master/jpg/gps

1)In 1st account in network user can upload files just upload the image their and open image link in new tab.

 new tab that image url like

██████████

2)In second account do same things and that url like down 

█████

3) Change 1st account Url parameter value to 2nd acoount Url parameter(see poc for it).

4) now image will shows up copy that url again and paste it to image data retrival website

http://exif.regex.info/exif.cgi

5) and see sensitive data   exposed.

## Impact

1) By this the attacker tracks your location and use it for personal things.
2) Sensitive data exposed.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #906907 |
| **Title** | IDOR with Geolocation data not stripped from images |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/906907 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (?) |
| **Weakness** | Insecure Direct Object Reference (IDOR) |
| **Program** | IRCCloud |
| **Reporter** | do_some_hack |
| **Submitted** | June 24, 2020, 3:26PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 26, 2020, 3:36PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/906907*