# Reflected XSS in m.imgur.com

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

There is a reflected XSS vulnerability in https://m.imgur.com as shown below:

https://m.imgur.com/account/testcatplzignore%22%3E%3Cimg%20src=x%20onerror=prompt(document.domain)%3E/messages

It appears that the username field in the url does not sanitize angle bracket characters on the mobile version of the site, allowing an attacker to execute arbitrary Javascript on the m.imgur.com domain.

I have attached several screenshots demonstrating this attack in the mobile context. While this attack affects devices loading the mobile site, I did notice that requests made with the standard User-Agent would issue a 302 redirect to the standard site, throwing a 404 error. This attack does execute on browsers that load the mobile version of the site.

The impact of this vulnerability is variable, depending on how it is used. An attacker could use this vulnerability to target a specific victim or post it on a site such as reddit, which is frequented by users of this application. If an authenticated imgur user could be tricked into clicking the link it may result in malicious JavaScript executing in the context of the user's session and could result in credential/session theft or other targeted attacks. This could result in multiple compromised accounts.

This vulnerability was tested in Google Chrome Version 51.0.2704.103 using the following User-Agent from the developer tools to load the mobile site:

User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 6.0; Nexus 5 Build/MRA58N) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/46.0.2490.76 Mobile Safari/537.36

To mitigate this vulnerability, consider encoding any angle brackets (< >) reflected back to the user when handling user input.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #149855 |
| **Title** | Reflected XSS in m.imgur.com |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/149855 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | ? (?) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - Generic |
| **Program** | Imgur |
| **Reporter** | logue |
| **Submitted** | July 7, 2016, 9:02PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 7, 2017, 9:29PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/149855*