# XSS Reflected

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:
Hi team,

It was found a xss reflected in your web asset.

Reflected Cross-site Scripting (XSS) occur when an attacker injects browser executable code within a single HTTP response.When a web application is vulnerable to this type of attack, it will pass unvalidated input sent through requests back to the client.

## Steps To Reproduce:

  1. Access the url `https://███.aspx/%22%20onmouseover=%22prompt(1)%22%20x=%22`
  2. See the popup in the screen

## Supporting Material/References:
[list any additional material (e.g. screenshots, logs, etc.)]

  * [attachment / reference]


███

## Impact

## Impact
* An attacker that can control the code executed in a victim browser can usually fully compromise this victim. This includes :
* Perform any action within the application that the user can perform.
* Modify any information that the user is able to modify.
* Steal user cookies
* Redirect to phishing site
* Arbitrary requests - An attacker can use XSS to send requests that appear to be from the victim to the web server.
* Malware download - XSS can prompt the user to download malware. Since the prompt looks like a legitimate request from the
site, the user may be more likely to trust the request and actually install the malware.
* Run Arbitrary javascript code into victim's browser

## System Host(s)
██████

## Affected Product(s) and Version(s)


## CVE Numbers


## Steps to Reproduce
1. Access the url `https://███████.aspx/%22%20onmouseover=%22prompt(1)%22%20x=%22`
  2. See the popup in the screen

## Suggested Mitigation/Remediation Actions




---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1892317 |
| **Title** | XSS Reflected |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1892317 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - Reflected |
| **Program** | U.S. Dept Of Defense |
| **Reporter** | ferreiraklet_ |
| **Submitted** | March 4, 2023, 11:05PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 8, 2023, 5:19PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1892317*