# Reflected XSS of media.indrive.com

### SUMMARY BY INDRIVE

Subscribe to our telegram channel with updates https://t.me/indrive_bbp

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

hi,
I find a rxss of media.indrive.com
just view:
```
https://media.indrive.com/login/response/██████
```
will execute javascript.
████

## Impact

1.Stealing user accounts: Malicious users can use XSS code to obtain various user accounts, including email accounts, social media accounts, etc. Stealing user cookie information: XSS attacks can steal the cookie information stored by the user in the browser, thereby posing as the user identity to enter the website.
2.Hijacking the user session: Attackers can use XSS code to hijack the user's browser session and perform arbitrary operations, such as making illegal transfers, forced publishing logs, sending emails, etc. Spreading worms and viruses: XSS attacks can inject malicious code to make the user's browser perform malicious operations, and even spread worms and viruses.
3.Forced pop-up advertising pages: Malicious users can use XSS code to forcefully pop up advertising pages, thereby gaining traffic or performing other malicious operations.
4.Altering page information: XSS attacks can arbitrarily alter page information, including deleting articles. Obtaining client information: XSS attacks can obtain client information, such as the user's browsing history, real IP, open ports, etc. Controlling the victim's machine to attack other websites: Malicious users can use XSS code to control the victim's machine and then launch attacks on other websites. Elevating user permissions: XSS attacks can use other vulnerabilities to expand attacks and even elevate user permissions, including further penetrating the website.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2503113 |
| **Title** | Reflected XSS of media.indrive.com |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2503113 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - Reflected |
| **Program** | inDrive |
| **Reporter** | zxwo |
| **Submitted** | May 13, 2024, 12:34PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 2, 2024, 1:18PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2503113*