# Possible XSS Vulnerability in Action Controller

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

Possible XSS Vulnerability in Action Controller

There is a possible XSS vulnerability when using the translation helpers (translate, t, etc) in Action Controller. This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2024-26143.

Versions Affected: >= 7.0.0. Not affected: < 7.0.0 Fixed Versions: 7.1.3.1, 7.0.8.1

Impact
Applications using translation methods like translate, or t on a controller, with a key ending in “_html”, a :default key which contains untrusted user input, and the resulting string is used in a view, may be susceptible to an XSS vulnerability.

All users running an affected release should either upgrade or use one of the workarounds immediately.

Credits
Thanks to ooooooo_q for the patch and fix!

Full Security Advisory: https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/t/possible-xss-vulnerability-in-action-controller/84947

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

I made a report and patch at https://hackerone.com/reports/2303609

https://discuss.rubyonrails.org/t/possible-xss-vulnerability-in-action-controller/84947

> There is a possible XSS vulnerability when using the translation helpers (translate, t, etc) in Action Controller. This vulnerability has been assigned the CVE identifier CVE-2024-26143.

## Impact

> Applications using translation methods like translate, or t on a controller, with a key ending in “_html”, a :default key which contains untrusted user input, and the resulting string is used in a view, may be susceptible to an XSS vulnerability.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2520694 |
| **Title** | Possible XSS Vulnerability in Action Controller |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2520694 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - Generic |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2024-26143 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | ooooooo_q |
| **Submitted** | May 26, 2024, 9:45AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 25, 2024, 12:02AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2520694*