# Stored XSS via Create Project (Add new translation project)

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Hi, Input validation and/or sanitisation is not currently applied in the **Project Name** field in https://<domain>/create/project/. As, a result, it is possible to have a stored XSS that will affect all the users in the Weblate application. To identify this XSS I used the Docker environment from https://github.com/WeblateOrg/docker.

**Steps to reproduce:**

1. Administrator creates a project and then adds a user in that project.
2. Depending on permissions the user will login go to **watched projects** pick the project -> **Manage** -> **Settings** and will have the ability to change the Project Name. Here I changed it to `<svg/onload=alert(document.domain)>` and hit save.
3. When the user visits his `/accounts/profile/` page, he will trigger the Stored XSS.

I also found that even a user that doesn't have access to that project, but I guess the project is public, he will also get xss'ed. Furthermore, with this he also has the ability to xss the Admin, all the have to do is visit the `/accounts/profile/` page.

So, this has the potential to affect all users.

## Impact

Input validation and/or sanitisation on the Project Name field.

Please let me know if you require any additional information regarding this issue.

Thanks.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #610219 |
| **Title** | Stored XSS via Create Project (Add new translation project) |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/610219 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (4.7) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - Stored |
| **Program** | Weblate |
| **Reporter** | th3_alchem1st |
| **Submitted** | June 12, 2019, 2:28PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | July 9, 2019, 1:43PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: high
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: low

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/610219*