# RXSS - ████

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Hello, friends today when I was checking some sites I found this bug on your own website.


##Detalis XSS
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks are a type of injection, in which malicious scripts are injected into otherwise benign and trusted websites. XSS attacks occur when an attacker uses a web application to send malicious code, generally in the form of a browser side script, to a different end user. Flaws that allow these attacks to succeed are quite widespread and occur anywhere a web application uses input from a user within the output it generates without validating or encoding it.
[OWASP](https://owasp.org/www-community/attacks/xss/)



##Steps To Reproduce
Go to Those Links.
`https://███/(A(%22onerror='alert%601%60'testabcd))/Login.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2f`

##Browsers
I test them on Firefox and Google Chrome.

##Fix:-
Filter input on arrival
Encode data on output
Use appropriate response headers
Content Security Policy.
These all are standards concepts for fix the XSS vulnerabilities.

Regards, 
xElkomy

## Impact

View any information that the user is able to view. Modify any information that the user is able to modify. Initiate interactions with other application users, including malicious attacks, that will appear to originate from the initial victim user. || And I can used this for
1-Ad-Jacking
2-Session Hijacking
3-Bypassing CSRF protection
4-Crypto Mining ::::)))

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #923864 |
| **Title** | RXSS - ████ |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/923864 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Cross-site Scripting (XSS) - Reflected |
| **Program** | U.S. Dept Of Defense |
| **Reporter** | 0xelkomy |
| **Submitted** | July 14, 2020, 9:44PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | October 18, 2021, 7:25PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/923864*