# Remote kernel heap overflow

### SUMMARY BY PLAYSTATION

# Summary

The PlayStation has a kernel PPPoE driver, that originates from NetBSD. This driver has a kernel heap overflow vulnerability, that an attacker can remotely trigger over the LAN, with the ability to control both the contents that are overflown and their sizes.

# Technical Details

## PPPoE Protocol

In short, the PlayStation (PS) will:

 1. Send a PADI packet.
 2. Expect to receive a PADO packet.
 3. Send a PADR packet.
 4. Expect to receive a PADS packet.

## The Vulnerability

I determined that the PS' PPPoE driver originates from NetBSD. In that PPPoE driver, there is a vulnerability in the way PADR packets are allocated:

```c
static int
pppoe_send_padr(struct pppoe_softc *sc)
{
	[...]

	/* Compute packet length. */
	len = sizeof(struct pppoetag);
	if (sc->sc_service_name != NULL) {
		l1 = strlen(sc->sc_service_name);
		len += l1;
	}
	if (sc->sc_ac_cookie_len > 0) {
		len += sizeof(struct pppoetag) + sc->sc_ac_cookie_len;
	}
	if (sc->sc_relay_sid_len > 0) {
		len += sizeof(struct pppoetag) + sc->sc_relay_sid_len;
	}
	len += sizeof(struct pppoetag) + sizeof(sc->sc_id);
	if (sc->sc_sppp.pp_if.if_mtu > PPPOE_MAXMTU) {
		len += sizeof(struct pppoetag) + 2;
	}

	/* Allocate packet. */
	m0 = pppoe_get_mbuf(len + PPPOE_HEADERLEN);
	if (m0 == NULL)
		return ENOBUFS;

	/* Fill in packet. */
	[...]
}

static struct mbuf *
pppoe_get_mbuf(size_t len)
{
	struct mbuf *m;

	MGETHDR(m, M_DONTWAIT, MT_DATA);
	if (m == NULL)
		return NULL;
	if (len + sizeof(struct ether_header) > MHLEN) {
		MCLGET(m, M_DONTWAIT);
		if ((m->m_flags & M_EXT) == 0) {
			m_free(m);
			return NULL;
		}
	}
	m->m_data += sizeof(struct ether_header);
	m->m_len = len;
	m->m_pkthdr.len = len;
	m_reset_rcvif(m);

	return m;
}
```

The flow is:

 - `pppoe_send_padr()`:
   - It wants to send a PADR packet.
   - It computes the packet length, and calls `pppoe_get_mbuf()`.
 - `pppoe_get_mbuf()`:
   - If the length is larger than `MHLEN`, it allocates an mbuf cluster, of size `MCLBYTES`=2048.
   - It returns that mbuf cluster.
 - `pppoe_send_padr()`:
   - It fills in the mbuf cluster.

The vulnerability here is that the packet length could actually be bigger than `MCLBYTES`, in which case the filling of the packet will overflow the mbuf cluster.

## Constraints

To have a length that is larger than `MCLBYTES`, the `sc_ac_cookie_len` and `sc_relay_sid_len` values need to be large enough.

Both of these values are actually extracted from PADO packets that the PS previously received: they are the lengths of the `ACCOOKIE` and `RELAYSID` tags that were embedded in the PADO packets. The attacker can control these lengths.

There is a constraint on the MTU: given that the PS' maximum MTU is 1500, the attacker cannot directly send just one PADO packet with sizes larger than `MCLBYTES`. To work around that constraint, the attacker just has to send two PADO packets, one with a big `ACCOOKIE` tag, and another with a big `RELAYSID` tag. After the second packet, the PS will send a PADR packet combining both big tags, which will overflow the mbuf cluster with the contents of the second tag.

## Attack Scenario

 1. The PS sends a PADI.
 2. The attacker sends a PADO, with a `ACCOOKIE` tag whose size is 1400 bytes.
 3. The PS sends a PADR. This one is fine, there is no overflow here.
 4. The PS waits for a PADS packet.
 5. The PS times out, and resends a PADI.
 6. The attacker sends a PADO, with a `RELAYSID` tag whose size is 1400 bytes.
 7. The PS Sends a PADR. The overflow occurs here: the PS tries to embed the two tags (1400x2=2800 bytes) into a 2048-byte mbuf cluster.

## Setup / PoC / Discussion

 - Enable PPPoE on the PS:
   - `Settings` -> `Network` -> `Set Up Internet Connection` -> `Use a LAN Cable` -> `Custom`
   - IP Address Settings: `PPPoE`
   - Enter whatever in the two User/Password fields, click `Next`
   - DNS Settings: `Automatic`
   - MTU Settings: set `1500`
   - Proxy Server: `Do Not Use`
 - Connect a Linux laptop to the PS with an Ethernet cable.
 - On the Linux laptop:
   - `cc -o poc poc.c -Wall`
   - `sudo ifconfig eth0 mtu 8000`
   - `sudo ./poc eth0`
 - On the PS: click `Test Internet Connection`. This will initiate the PPPoE connection.

To see what happens:

 - Open WireShark on the Linux laptop, and look at the packets that are being exchanged with the PS. You can see that the PS sends 2844-byte PADR packets.
 - Actual exploitation/introspection will require a debugger, which I do not have. :'(
 - ███████

## Impact

Possible RCE. I did my tests only on a friend's PS4, but I suspect that the PS5 is affected as well.


---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1350653 |
| **Title** | Remote kernel heap overflow |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1350653 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (7.4) |
| **Weakness** | Heap Overflow |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2022-29867 |
| **Program** | PlayStation |
| **Reporter** | m00nbsd |
| **Submitted** | September 24, 2021, 6:00PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | May 11, 2022, 6:09PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | no-content |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: high
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1350653*