# `atob` allocates uninitialized Buffers when number is passed in input on Node.js 4.x and below

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

I would like to report an uninitialized Buffer allocation issue in `atob`.
It allows to extract sensitive data from uninitialized memory or to cause a DoS by passing in a large number, in setups where typed user input can be passed (e.g. from JSON), on Node.js 4.x and lower.

# Module

**module name:** `atob`
**version:** 2.0.3
**npm page:** `https://www.npmjs.com/package/atob`

## Module Description

> Uses Buffer to emulate the exact functionality of the browser's atob.

## Module Stats

492 191 downloads in the last day
2 890 027 downloads in the last week
11 036 537 downloads in the last month

# Vulnerability

## Vulnerability Description

The problem arises when a number is passed in, e.g. from user-submitted JSON-encoded data.
The API should not propagate the already-bad Buffer issue further.

On Node.js 4.x and below (4.x is still supported), this exposes uninitialized memory, which could contain sensitive data. This can be also used to cause a DoS by consuming the memory when large numbers are passed on input.

## Steps To Reproduce:

`console.log(require('atob')(1000))` (note uninitialized memory in output)
`console.log(require('atob')(1e8))` (note memory usage and time)

Run on Node.js 4.x (or below).

## Supporting Material/References:

- Arch Linux Current
- Node.js 4.8.7

# Wrap up

- I contacted the maintainer to let them know: N
- I opened an issue in the related repository: N

## Impact

Sensitive uninitialized memory exposure
Denail of Service
This issue affects only setups using Node.js 4.x (still supported) or lower.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #321686 |
| **Title** | `atob` allocates uninitialized Buffers when number is passed in input on Node.js 4.x and below |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/321686 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (6.5) |
| **Weakness** | Out-of-bounds Read |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2018-3745 |
| **Program** | Node.js third-party modules |
| **Reporter** | chalker |
| **Submitted** | March 3, 2018, 11:22PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 8, 2018, 9:05PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: high
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/321686*