# potential RCE and XSS via file upload requiring user account and default settings

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

#potential RCE and XSS via file upload requiring user account and default settings

##Requirements
1. User account that can upload files (NO admin)
2. User account name on creation (usually the same as on creation/displayed name)
3. data directory inside of nextcloud server folder (suggested by /var/www/nextcloud/config/config.sample.php)

##Tested on
current release
Version 16.0.4.1
stable
Build: '2019-08-14T18:57:27+00:00 a1a245e88202d834f08f4c2e4451dcbe9baee3aa'

##Basic idea
On nextcloud php files can be uploaded, but when clicked they are only shown in a text editor. If the URL to our skript is known, we get code execution. 
A RCE will work if the server has set it's data directory inside the nextcloud server folder and the username is known. 

##config example
The following is located in /var/www/nextcloud/config/config.sample.php:
[https://github.com/nextcloud/server/blob/master/config/config.sample.php]
~~~~
 *
 * Default to ``data/`` in the Nextcloud directory.
 */
'datadirectory' => '/var/www/nextcloud/data',
~~~~
If this config is used, RCE is possible.

##Attack scenario: 
Short video attached.
(To reproduce use a nextcloud instance and setup a user named attacker. Use any php script called shell.php, and set the datadirectory to /var/www/nextcloud/data)

1. Login to obtained user account (assume his name is "attacker")
2. upload malicious php script. (assume it is called "shell.php")
3. navigate to https://www.ournextclouddomain.com/data/attacker/files/shell.php
4. see some shells poppin

This is possible since we know the direct path to our php script.

Note: This can also be used for XSS since we can upload any html file!

##Prevention
1. user accounts could extend a seed on their foldername like attacker-19320143158015
2. usage of a custom seed inside the data directory.
3. different config than on the example

## Impact

RCE, extract ser data or modify config file (if no special permissions are set), take over the server, also XSS is possible

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #678727 |
| **Title** | potential RCE and XSS via file upload requiring user account and default settings |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/678727 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | High (8.8) |
| **Weakness** | Code Injection |
| **Program** | Nextcloud |
| **Reporter** | rcejules |
| **Submitted** | August 21, 2019, 7:18PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 1, 2020, 8:50AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: high
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: high

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/678727*