# [3DS][StreetPass] Buffer Overflow in Super Mario Maker level decompression

### SUMMARY BY NINTENDO

--

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

#Information

- **Platform:** (New) Nintendo 3DS 
- **Region:** EU (_all regions are affected_)
- **System version:** less or equal to 11.10 (latest)


#Description

Since the bootroms have been dumped, it is now possible for an attacker to decrypt streetpass communications. Super Mario Maker is vulnerable to a buffer overflow vulnerability when parsing received levels.

###Vulnerability

When parsing a compressed level received via StreetPass, the application decompress each compressed chunk of the file. The size of the received file *cannot* exceed 0x18000 bytes but the size isn't checked so the application will try to parse past the end of the compressed buffer if a greater size is provided. Even though we cannot send more than 0x18000 bytes, the decompressed buffer is located just after the compressed buffer.
Thus, one can craft a file where the first chunk is 0x18000 bytes long, the decompressed part is copied to `compressed_buf+0x18000` and since the size isn't checked, the content at `compressed_buf+0x18000` is parsed as the next compressed chunk and eventually copied past the end of the decompressed buffer. This makes it possible to overwrite objects on the heap and gain code execution.

## Impact

This gives an attacker the ability to get userland remote code execution in Super Mario Maker.


---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #687887 |
| **Title** | [3DS][StreetPass] Buffer Overflow in Super Mario Maker level decompression |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/687887 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | None (?) |
| **Weakness** | Heap Overflow |
| **Program** | Nintendo |
| **Reporter** | mrnbayoh |
| **Submitted** | September 4, 2019, 3:50PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 20, 2021, 4:21PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | no-content |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/687887*