# Attacker shall recieve order updates on whatsapp for users who have activated whatsapp notification

### SUMMARY BY ETERNAL

Researcher was able to determine a scenario where it was possible for an attacker to view limited order status updates for orders that meet certain prerequisites.

Prerequisites for this scenario were following: 

1. WhatsApp status order updates should have been enabled first for the order from the primary number of the user. 
2. Order should not have been in the terminal state (not completed/cancelled).

Limited Status updates were shown till the order was moved to a terminal state (cancelled/completed). Moreover, past events that were already published were not pushed again. 

Apart from the order status updates (picked up, on the way, delivered), 
* It was not possible to view/extract any other information including user details
* It was not possible to alter/update/cancel order

Root cause of this was due to missing early exit of the validation layer and caching overwrite on the flow that handled subscription request.

Thanks to @schutzx0r for responsibly disclosing this issue to us.


### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

H

Summary:
1. Order ID are IDOR ( Insecure Direct Object Reference )
2. When users activated whats app notification an attacker would start receiving the notification without user interaction about their order.

Proof Of Concept:-

When an user order on a restaurant he/she can start whatsapp notification on their order.

██████████

Steps to Reproduce:-

1. When the user activates whats app notification by sending the message with order id. His order notification's vulnerable.

2. Now the attacker sends the message with above vulnerable order id ( Order id is IDOR - eg:15625383 )

3. He will get the error notification, though he will start receiving the updates.

{F1670097}

3.1 the updates would be
3.1.1 delivery partner assigned.
3.1.2 when he will reach
3.1.2 once he delivered the order.

## Impact

business logic error.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1523584 |
| **Title** | Attacker shall recieve order updates on whatsapp for users who have activated whatsapp notification |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1523584 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Business Logic Errors |
| **Program** | Eternal |
| **Reporter** | schutzx0r |
| **Submitted** | March 27, 2022, 6:18PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 6, 2022, 6:00AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1523584*