# Fee discounts can be redeemed many times, resulting in unlimited fee-free transactions

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Summary:
Hi there, first off, I am an actual Stripe customer using Stripe for my real business, so I used my actual Stripe account to test this (as there is no other way). I realize this is not ideal but hope you understand given the unique scenario!

I was recently offered a fee discount of $20,000 on Stripe transactions. Stripe Support applied the offer to my account, and I was shown a prompt to accept the fee discount in my dashboard. 

I decided I should try and look for a race condition in this acceptance. So, I used Burp Turbo Intruder to race the request that accepts the fee discount, `/ajax/accept_fee_discount_offer` (forgot to take screenshot as I did not think it would work!). 

It seems a race was not even needed though, as I called it 30 times and 30 fee discounts were immediately applied to my account! As a result, I now have $600,000 of fee-free processing applied to my account. Obviously, this is not ideal for Stripe as you only intended to offer me $20,000! I believe you could keep calling this endpoint if you wanted to, you just need a valid `fdo_` ID.

████

## Impact

Unlimited fee-free discounts. This will cost Stripe about 3% of each discount, so $600 each time a $20k discount is abused.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1849626 |
| **Title** | Fee discounts can be redeemed many times, resulting in unlimited fee-free transactions |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1849626 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (6.5) |
| **Weakness** | Business Logic Errors |
| **Program** | Stripe |
| **Reporter** | ian |
| **Submitted** | January 28, 2023, 3:16AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | February 25, 2023, 1:27AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: none
- **Integrity**: high
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1849626*