# Possibility to freeze/crash the host system of all Slack Desktop users easily

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Hello,

I report here what I suspect to be a critical issue for all your users using the Slack Desktop app.
Please find below my research way and the corresponding POC result:

First, I started by exploring the content of the file **app.asar** of the Slack Dresktop application.
I was firstly attrackted by the file **parse-protocol-url.js** and more particularly on the following lines:

```javascript
const expressionsToMatch = [{
  regex: /devEnv=(dev\d*|staging|qa\d*)/,
  onMatch: (match) => ({ devMode: true, devEnv: match[1] })
}
```
I immediately tried the URL `slack://open?devEnv=staging` in my browser and it was working as expected:

{F330966}

The issue started whan I noted the fact that if I reload my browser, I will have a second Slack Desktop process with a second interface. This is not the case when I use the url `slack://open` openning the normal prod interface. So, even if I can imagine this behavior as practical for your developers (having two Slack Desktop applications at the same time, one one the production environment and one on the staging/dev/qa environment), the fact to be able to launch infinite Slack Desktop application should be forbidden.

I click 9 times on **F5** in my browser and below was the result:

{F330971}
{F330972}

You can test this fact on your side with the simple POC page in attachment : {F330973}

On my side, with 32Go of RAM and a i7-6820HQ CPU 2.70, I freezed my PC easily with the test **100 Slack Apps - Not Funny!**

You will not have this issue if you use the url `slack://open` where only the CPU can be used at 100% depending of how many requests you launch:

{F330972}

With the url  `slack://open?devEnv=staging` you will have quickly % of CPU usage and a memory usage increasing quickly.

The security aspect here is on the availability of the application.

## Impact

An attacker can use this lack of control in order and through a simple link ( or a batch file for windows or a script for linux, etc ... ) can crash and/or freeze all customers using your Slack Desktop application. I did not test on Linux or Mac but I suspect that the effects are the same.

I recommand you to put in place the same control that the one on production environment: if one slack desktop application is already launched on the staging/dev[xxx]/qa[xxx] platform, do not launch a second one but just give the focus on the existing one.

What do you think?

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

Here is one of my first  ( valid ) report as hunter.

I found an easy way, requesting minimal victim interaction execpted the simple fact to click on a link, to crash the victim's host quickly. It was possible throught  a slack URL used for accessing to the Staging environment : `slack://open?devEnv=staging` .  When used, there had no check if a Slack instance was already opened and by hence an infinite number of instances could be started.
The result was a quick CPU and RAM overhelmed finally resulting to a sustem's crash.

I provided a simple POC page showing the issue with different levels ( 10 instances, 20, 50, 1à00, 1000 ).

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #392728 |
| **Title** | Possibility to freeze/crash the host system of all Slack Desktop users easily |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/392728 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Violation of Secure Design Principles |
| **Program** | Slack |
| **Reporter** | freesec |
| **Submitted** | August 10, 2018, 11:09AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | November 10, 2020, 8:18PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/392728*