# Variant of CVE-2013-0269 (Denial of Service and Unsafe Object Creation Vulnerability in JSON)

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

During my recent keyword argument separation work on `rb_scan_args` in the master branch, I discovered what I now think is a vulnerability.

While the CVE-2013-0269 change fixed most usage of `JSON.parse`, it ended up not fixing `Kernel#JSON`.  The reason behind this is that internally, in `JSON::Parser#initialize` (in `cParser_initialize` in `ext/json/parser/parser.c`), there is a separate branch taken depending on whether an option hash was provided.  The fix for CVE-2013-026 only fixed one of these branches (when a option hash is provided).  It did not fix the other branch (when no option hash is provided).

`Kernel#JSON` is able to easily hit the case where no option hash is provided, because it does:

```ruby
  def JSON(object, *args)
    if object.respond_to? :to_str
      JSON.parse(object.to_str, args.first)
```

In the common case, no extra arguments are provided, and `args.first` is `nil`.  Historically, Ruby has allowed the `rb_scan_args` `:` character to handle a `nil` option hash like no option hash was provided.  This is deprecated in the master branch, and a warning is issued, but it is still supported.

I fixed this in the master branch in the `rb_scan_args` commit, as it was needed to avoid the warning:
https://github.com/ruby/ruby/commit/80b5a0ff2a7709367178f29d4ebe1c54122b1c27#diff-59fb0f5411be4c22009691e1a7f5a185 .  It was only later, when I was going to report this issue upstream that I realized the security implications.

I believe all previously released versions of Ruby since 1.9 (when JSON was included in stdlib) are vulnerable to this. I think this fix should be backported to Ruby 2.4, 2.5, and 2.6, and another CVE issued.

In addition to `Kernel#JSON`, there are some other vulnerable calls, though they are likely to be less common.

Full example code:

```ruby
  require 'json'

  class A < Struct.new(:a)
    def self.json_create(object)
      new(*object['args'])
    end

    def to_json(*args)
      {
        'json_class'  => self.class.name,
        'args'        => [ a ],
      }.to_json(*args)
    end
  end

  js = A.new(1).to_json
  p JSON.parse(js) #=> {"json_class"=>"A", "args"=>[1]}
  p JSON(js)       #=> #<struct A a=1>

  # Also vulnerable, resulting in #<struct A a=1>
  p JSON.parse(js, nil)
  p JSON[js, nil]
  p JSON::Parser.new(js).parse
```

## Impact

This highly depends on the application using in question.  In order to be vulnerable, `Kernel#JSON` or one of the other vulnerable calls must be called with user provided input.

I am not sure this results in denial of service since Ruby 2.2, due to the support of dynamic symbols.  However, I have not analyzed the related JSON code to determine if it creates dynamic or static symbols when `create_additions` is used.

Assuming that `Kernel#JSON` is called with user-provided input, this allows creation of arbitrary objects where there is a named class that has a `json_create` singleton method..  More precisely, this allows calling `json_create` methods on any named constant with arbitrary arguments (assuming the constant returns a true value for `json_createable?`).  Many Ruby applications use libraries that have objects in constants that support `method_missing` and could possibly be vulnerable.  However, I have not done any research into possible exploitability, which is why I listed severity as Medium.

If any `json/add/*` files have been required, this could possibly be very dangerous, as those can allow the creation of arbitrary core/stdlib objects.  For example `json/add/ostruct` being required, when combined with this vulnerability, allows the creation of arbitrary objects that support attacker-defined methods with attacker-defined values of any type supported by JSON.  `json/add/regexp` allows the creation of arbitrary Regexps which could easily lead to denial of service, and combined with a vulnerability in the regexp engine (Onigmo), could potentially lead to remote code execution.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #706934 |
| **Title** | Variant of CVE-2013-0269 (Denial of Service and Unsafe Object Creation Vulnerability in JSON) |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/706934 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Business Logic Errors |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2013-0269 |
| **Program** | Ruby |
| **Reporter** | jeremyevans |
| **Submitted** | October 3, 2019, 5:19AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 23, 2020, 8:36AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/706934*