# Login page password-guessing attack

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Vulnerability description :-
A common threat web developers face is a password-guessing attack known as a brute force attack. A brute-force attack is an attempt to discover a password by systematically trying every possible combination of letters, numbers, and symbols until you discover the one correct combination that works. 

This login page doesn't have any protection against password-guessing attacks (brute force attacks). It's recommended to implement some type of account lockout after a defined number of incorrect password attempts. Consult Web references for more information about fixing this problem. 

Attack details :-
The scanner tested 100 invalid credentials and no account lockout was detected.

The impact of this vulnerability :-
An attacker may attempt to discover a weak password by systematically trying every possible combination of letters, numbers, and symbols until it discovers the one correct combination that works.

How to fix this vulnerability :-
It's recommended to implement some type of account lockout after a defined number of incorrect password attempts.

Replication Steps :-

1. I go to login page.
2. intercept Request in Burp suite.
3. request send to intruder .
4. request add username and password.
5. select cluster bomb.
6. select payload username and password.
7. start intruder. 

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #96115 |
| **Title** | Login page password-guessing attack |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/96115 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | ? (?) |
| **Weakness** | Violation of Secure Design Principles |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2016-9124 |
| **Program** | Revive Adserver |
| **Reporter** | karan |
| **Submitted** | October 27, 2015, 4:47PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | April 19, 2024, 1:50PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/96115*