# Path traversal and file disclosure vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.49

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

A flaw was found in a change made to path normalization in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.49. An attacker could use a path traversal attack to map URLs to files outside the directories configured by Alias-like directives.

If files outside of these directories are not protected by the usual default configuration "require all denied", these requests can succeed. If CGI scripts are also enabled for these aliased pathes, this could allow for remote code execution.

This issue is known to be exploited in the wild.

This issue only affects Apache 2.4.49 and not earlier versions.

Acknowledgements: This issue was reported by Ash Daulton along with the cPanel Security Team

Reported to security team: 2021-09-29
fixed by r1893775 in 2.4.x: 2021-10-01
Update 2.4.50 released: 2021-10-04
Affects: 2.4.49

https://httpd.apache.org/security/vulnerabilities_24.html

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

A flaw was found in a change made to path normalization in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.49. An attacker could use a path traversal attack to map URLs to files outside the directories configured by Alias-like directives. If files outside of these directories are not protected by the usual default configuration "require all denied", these requests can succeed. If CGI scripts are also enabled for these aliased paths, this could allow for remote code execution. This issue is known to be exploited in the wild. This issue only affects Apache 2.4.49 and not earlier versions. The fix in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.50 was found to be incomplete, see CVE-2021-42013.

## Impact

The attacker may be able read the contents of unexpected files and expose sensitive data. If the targeted file is used for a security mechanism, then the attacker may be able to bypass that mechanism. For example, by reading a password file, the attacker could conduct brute force password guessing attacks in order to break into an account on the system.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1394916 |
| **Title** | Path traversal and file disclosure vulnerability in Apache HTTP Server 2.4.49 |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1394916 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Critical (?) |
| **Weakness** | Path Traversal |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2021-41773 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | monkey_logic |
| **Submitted** | November 8, 2021, 9:47PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | November 9, 2021, 8:19PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1394916*