# Argocd's web terminal session doesn't expire

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

All versions of Argo CD starting from v2.6.0 have a bug where open web terminal sessions do not expire. This bug allows users to send any websocket messages even if the token has already expired. The most straightforward scenario is when a user opens the terminal view and leaves it open for an extended period. This allows the user to view sensitive information even when they should have been logged out already.

Patches
A patch for this vulnerability has been released in the following Argo CD version:

v2.6.14
v2.7.12
v2.8.1

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

The vulnerability is that  web terminal sessions do not expire, even if the argocd's web session has expired.

Step 1: Log in to ArgoCD.

Step 2: Open a web terminal session in ArgoCD, which is used to operate a machine.

Step 3: Wait until the web session expires, but the web terminal session does not expire.

## Impact

All versions of Argo CD starting from v2.6.0 have a bug where open web terminal sessions do not expire. This bug allows users to send any websocket messages even if the token has already expired. The most straightforward scenario is when a user opens the terminal view and leaves it open for an extended period. This allows the user to view sensitive information even when they should have been logged out already.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2123094 |
| **Title** | Argocd's web terminal session doesn't expire |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2123094 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (4.7) |
| **Weakness** | Insufficient Session Expiration |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | bean-zhang |
| **Submitted** | August 25, 2023, 5:24AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 9, 2023, 1:15PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: high
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: low

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2123094*