# Able to detect if a user is FetLife supporter although this user hides their support badge in fetlife.com/conversations/{id} JSON response

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

UserA is a FetLife supporter, he also hides his support badge in his account privacy setting so that people don't know he is a supporter. However, UserB can start a conversation with userA, and by looking at `is_supporter` field in JSON response of their conversation . UserB knows that UserA is a FetLife supporter.

UserB get the following information of userA by requesting `fetlife.com/conversations/{userA-userB-conversation-id}`
```
"with_users":
[
    {
        "id": {id},
        "nickname": "userA",
        "is_supporter": true,
        "show_badge": false,
        "identity": "30F Switch",
        "url": "/users/{id}",
        "avatar_url": "{avatar_url}",
        "role": "member",
        "starts_at": 0,
        "location": "Antarctica"
    }
]
```

Full request and response: F1541333

## Attack condition
For this attack to succeed, attacker needs to start a conversation with victim regardless of victim accepting conversation request or not. Therefore, this attack works with users who set their Inbox privacy settings to `Open`, `Kinky`,`Hardcore`

## Step to Reproduce
1. Prepare 2 accounts, userA and userB. UserA is a FetLife supporter.
2. UserB goes to userA profile and start a conversation with userA from there
3. UserB goes to `https://fetlife.com/inbox`
4. UserB open browser Developer tool and open conversation he just started.
5. UserB looks at Network tab and find the request `fetlife.com/conversations/{userA-userB-conversation-id}` with JSON response
6. UserB sees `is_supporter` field to check if userA is a supporter or not.

## Impact

Attacker can detect if a user is a FetLife supporter or not. This attack works on all users, except user with `strict` inbox privacy settings.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1423704 |
| **Title** | Able to detect if a user is FetLife supporter although this user hides their support badge in fetlife.com/conversations/{id} JSON response |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1423704 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (4.3) |
| **Weakness** | Information Disclosure |
| **Program** | FetLife |
| **Reporter** | trieulieuf9 |
| **Submitted** | December 11, 2021, 9:27AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | February 11, 2022, 11:43AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: low
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1423704*