# Unauthenticated Private Messages DIsclosure via wordpress Rest API

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Vulnearble Plugin: Senei LMS

Hi there,
Hope you are doing well,
So, i noticed that their is an option to contact teacher on Sensei LMS which is meant to private.
By default, other user can't see the question I asked to the teacher.
But using the  `/wp-json/wp/v2/sensei-messages/<numericID>` where numeric ID can be bruteforced.
Those private questions asked to teacher is still visible to any Unauthenticated User.
{F1754958}

Steps to reproduce:
Create any course then as a student, ask question on that course.
Now, the message is visible through `/wp-json/wp/v2/sensei-messages/<numericID>` 
Sensei LMS lacks authentication in a REST API endpoint, allowing unauthenticated users to discover private questions sent between teacher and student on the site.

## Impact

Disclosure of Private Questions to Unauthenticated User.

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

Tribute to Late [Internet Hero Binit](https://hackerone.com/whoisbinit?type=user) 🫡 ❣️
You were my source of inspiration and motivation. Though we can't see you or meet you, you will always stay alive and smiling in our memories and hearts. May your soul rest in peace.🕊

Sensei LMS <= 4.4.3 - Unauthenticated Private Messages Disclosure via Rest API (CVE-2022-2034)

The plugin does not have proper permissions set in one of its REST endpoint, allowing unauthenticated users to access private messages sent to teachers.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1590237 |
| **Title** | Unauthenticated Private Messages DIsclosure via wordpress Rest API |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1590237 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Information Disclosure |
| **Program** | Automattic |
| **Reporter** | ghimire_veshraj |
| **Submitted** | June 3, 2022, 4:28AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | August 4, 2022, 10:45AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1590237*