# curl cookie mixed case PSL bypass

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

CVE-2023-46218 - cookie mixed case PSL bypass

VULNERABILITY
This flaw allows a malicious HTTP server to set "super cookies" in curl that are then passed back to more origins than what is otherwise allowed or possible. This allows a site to set cookies that then would get sent to different and unrelated sites and domains.

It could do this by exploiting a mixed case flaw in curl's function that verifies a given cookie domain against the Public Suffix List (PSL). For example a cookie could be set with domain=co.UK when the URL used a lowercase hostname curl.co.uk, even though co.uk is listed as a PSL domain.

Full Security Advisory: https://curl.se/docs/CVE-2023-46218.html


### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

A vulnerability in curl allows a malicious HTTP server to set "super cookies" in curl that are then passed back to more origins than what is otherwise allowed or possible. This allows a site to set cookies that then would get sent to different and unrelated sites and domains.

It could do this by exploiting a mixed case flaw in curl's function that verifies a given cookie domain against the Public Suffix List (PSL). For example a cookie could be set with domain=co.UK when the URL used a lowercase hostname curl.co.uk, even though co.uk is listed as a PSL domain.

## Impact

Issue supercookies bypassing the Public Suffix List check.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2274981 |
| **Title** | curl cookie mixed case PSL bypass |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2274981 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Information Exposure Through Sent Data |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-46218 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | nyymi |
| **Submitted** | December 6, 2023, 12:00PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | December 22, 2023, 4:11AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2274981*