# Public GitHub repositories for multiple HackerOne managed triage team profiles contain private HackerOne reports information

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## Description
Hello, team! I hope this report finds you well. I identified a shared GitHub profile for the HackerOne-managed triage team at ███. It contains 44 public repositories, many of which were recently created:
██████████
Since this is a shared managed triage account, I thought that it could possibly be used to reproduce vulnerabilities for HackerOne-managed bug bounty programs. I did a quick look at the recent repos, and I discovered quite a few *(active?)* related to HackerOne bug bounty programs:
- ███/tester/blob/main/a.js looks like an exploitation script for IDOR at █████. ██████████ has a private h1-managed bug bounty program.
- By looking at the last commit in the █████ branch for ███████/edge-runtime, we can find a new file uploaded █████ with an exploit for access token, server URL, and secret leak for ██████'s edge runtime CLI tool ███████. ███ has a private h1-managed bug bounty program.
- Code execution in powertools for ██████████ lambda Java ████/clone-█████ by referring to an executable in the configuration file ‎pom.xml. ████ ██████ has a private h1-managed bug bounty program.
- ██████: secrets leak from GitHub actions by injecting a command to .github/workflows/pr-build.yml and creating PR █████. ██████████ has a private/public h1-managed bug bounty programs.

I also identified a few personal GitHub profiles for the HackerOne-managed triage ██████████. Here's a random report's commit: █████/setup-chain-node/commit/█████████ *(and another fresh commit called "Retest," meaning the issue is potentially fixed)*, which is a GitHub actions injection into █████'s repository. I can't confirm if █████ has a HackerOne program, but it likely ████ is a fork of ██████████/dynamic-config for PR. The latest commit ████████ injects the preinstall command for package.json to execute script in github runner and leak secrets for ████████'s repository. ████████ has a managed HackerOne bug bounty █████: No public █████████: No public ██████. The GitHub token leak from GitHub actions for ███████ SDK for JavaScript is via ██████/█████████-sdk-js-duplicate/pull/2/files. █████████ █████ has a private h1-managed bug bounty ███ *(now ████)*: Recent POC for █████ E2E encryption vulnerability ████/. ████ has a public h1-managed bug bounty ██████. Env vars leak from GitHub actions at ██████████/backstage/commit/███ for Backstage.

These are the only HackerOne-managed individual profiles I stumbled upon. I can try to bruteforce some more.

### What is the expected *correct* behavior?
- Even if public repo creation is needed for vulnerability reproduction *(for example, it's compulsory for GH actions leak)*, it should be deleted or changed to the private state.
- All HackerOne-managed triage team GitHub and GitLab profiles should be private to avoid additional info leaks.
- All HackerOne-managed triage team GitHub and GitLab profiles shouldn't have predictable usernames.

## Impact

The indirect leak of active and fixed HackerOne private vulnerability reports, which were under HackerOne-managed examination by inspecting files in public repositories. As such, I identified vulnerabilities belonging to 9 private reports using a quick look. There are still many repositories to process, and more will be published in the future: the last public repo, at least for ████, was dated 5 days ago.

CVSS clarification:
- Confidentiality is High due to the leak of private HackerOne-managed reports. The number of leaked reports here doesn't represent the final number, as I haven't processed all the repositories. Additionally, the future publishing of reports should be considered.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2937622 |
| **Title** | Public GitHub repositories for multiple HackerOne managed triage team profiles contain private HackerOne reports information |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2937622 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (5.3) |
| **Weakness** | Information Disclosure |
| **Program** | HackerOne |
| **Reporter** | w2w |
| **Submitted** | January 14, 2025, 5:30PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | May 31, 2025, 10:11AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: network
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: none
- **Scope**: unchanged
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: none
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2937622*