# Open redirect found on account.brave.com

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

## What is open redirect
A web application accepts a user-controlled input that specifies a link to an external site, and uses that link in a Redirect. This simplifies phishing attacks.
An http parameter may contain a URL value and could cause the web application to redirect the request to the specified URL. By modifying the URL value to a malicious site, an attacker may successfully launch a phishing scam and steal user credentials. Because the server name in the modified link is identical to the original site, phishing attempts have a more trustworthy appearance.

## Step to reproduce
visit https://account.brave.com//example.com/%2F.. you will redirect to example.com

## POC
{F1446362}

## Fix / prevention
You can prevent redirects to other domains by checking the URL being passed to the redirect function. Make sure all redirect URLs are relative paths – i.e. they start with a single / character. (Note that URLs starting with // will be interpreted by the browser as a protocol agnostic, absolute URL – so they should be rejected too.)

If you do need to perform external redirects, consider whitelisting the individual sites that you permit redirects to.

## Impact

One of the main uses for this vulnerability is to make phishing attacks more credible and effective. When an Open Redirect is used in a phishing attack, the victim receives an email that looks legitimate with a link that points to a correct and expected domain.

Let me know if you have any questions.

thanks & best regards

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1338437 |
| **Title** | Open redirect found on account.brave.com |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1338437 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Open Redirect |
| **Program** | Brave Software |
| **Reporter** | tabaahi |
| **Submitted** | September 13, 2021, 11:49AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | June 30, 2022, 5:47PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1338437*