# Vulnerability Name: Host Header Injection Redirect

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Vulnerability Description: 
Open redirection is sometimes used as a part of phishing attacks that confuse visitors about which web site they are visiting.

Remediation:
If possible, the application should avoid incorporating user-controllable data into redirection targets. In many cases, this behavior can be avoided in two ways:
Remove the redirection function from the application, and replace links to it with direct links to the relevant target URLs.
Maintain a server-side list of all URLs that are permitted for redirection. Instead of passing the target URL as a parameter to the redirector, pass an index into this list.

Vulnerable URL:
 https://wakatime.com/settings/account?apikeyrefresh=true

Payload: " X-Forwarded-Host: bing.com "

How to reproduce this vulnerability:
1.	Open this URL " https://wakatime.com/settings/account?apikeyrefresh=true " and send it to the repeater in burp suite.
2.	add the payload to the header request and forward the request.
3.	It will directly redirect to bing.com

## Impact

Impact:
Whenever a user visits this URL, it will redirect them to site.com. It is used in phishing attacks.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #601287 |
| **Title** | Vulnerability Name: Host Header Injection Redirect |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/601287 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (3.7) |
| **Weakness** | Open Redirect |
| **Program** | WakaTime |
| **Reporter** | jatingupta |
| **Submitted** | June 5, 2019, 9:31PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 2, 2019, 9:10PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

### CVSS METRICS

- **Attack Vector**: physical
- **Attack Complexity**: low
- **Privileges Required**: none
- **User Interaction**: required
- **Scope**: changed
- **Confidentiality**: low
- **Integrity**: low
- **Availability**: none

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/601287*