# Uninstalling Mattermost Launcher for Windows (64-bit), then reinstalling keeps you logged in without authentication

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

Hello Team,

Hope you are doing great and enjoying a lot. 
This issue affected me directly and I was very amazed by it, so I felt it was important to report it in case it was not known. It is resulting unintended behavior:

In addition to this report is very similar to both of already been Resolved hackerone reports
https://hackerone.com/reports/238260
https://hackerone.com/reports/1278261

Steps to reproduce:
1) Install The Mattermost Desktop App for Windows (64-bit).
2) Enter the Display name with Server URL
3) Login to Mattermost Desktop App
4) Uninstall Mattermost Desktop App
5) Reinstall Mattermost Desktop App

Conclusion: You will automatically be logged back in to your account, even though you uninstalled Mattermost Desktop App from your computer and did not enter a username/password to login to the fresh Mattermost Desktop App installation.

Thanks and have a good day ;)
Regards
@annonmous

## Impact

The Mattermost Desktop App uninstall process is fully automatic, there is no prompt or indication that there is data left behind. I believe it is reasonable to expect that when uninstalling Mattermost Desktop App users session data should have been removed. If I am a user on a shared user account (for example, if I borrowed a computer and I installed Mattermost Desktop App, but uninstalled it later), they can take full control of my account after the fact.

When testing this, I could access all of my messages and data, and even access the Mattermost Desktop App admin panel for my team that I am an administrator of.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #1797661 |
| **Title** | Uninstalling Mattermost Launcher for Windows (64-bit), then reinstalling keeps you logged in without authentication |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/1797661 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Restriction of Authentication Attempts |
| **Program** | Mattermost |
| **Reporter** | annonmous |
| **Submitted** | December 8, 2022, 6:07PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | January 14, 2023, 1:00PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/1797661*