# CVE-2023-40273: Session fixation in Apache Airflow web interface

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

The session fixation vulnerability allowed the authenticated user to continue accessing Airflow webserver even after the password of the user has been reset by the admin - up until the expiry of the session of the user. Other than manually cleaning the session database (for database session backend), or changing the secure_key and restarting the webserver, there were no mechanisms to force-logout the user (and all other users with that).

With this fix implemented, when using the database session backend, the existing sessions of the user are invalidated when the password of the user is reset. When using the securecookie session backend, the sessions are NOT invalidated and still require changing the secure key and restarting the webserver (and logging out all other users), but the user resetting the password is informed about it with a flash message warning displayed in the UI. Documentation is also updated explaining this behaviour.

Users of Apache Airflow are advised to upgrade to version 2.7.0 or newer to mitigate the risk associated with this vulnerability.

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

When I reset the password of the test user through the button Reset Password, I hope that the person who previously had the password of the test user will lose the corresponding authority. However, if others have logged in to the test user before, they can still use the account.
{F2630619}
{F2630620}
In short，Change user password wouldn't prevent an already authenticated user from being able to continue using the UI or API.

## Impact

The session fixation vulnerability allowed the authenticated user to continue accessing Airflow webserver even after the password of the user has been reset by the admin - up until the expiry of the session of the user.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2121960 |
| **Title** | CVE-2023-40273: Session fixation in Apache Airflow web interface |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2121960 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Session Fixation |
| **CVE IDs** | CVE-2023-40273 |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | leixiao |
| **Submitted** | August 24, 2023, 2:00AM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | September 4, 2023, 2:45AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2121960*