# Full Api Access and Run All Functions via Starbucks App

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

The tested application is Starbucks Turkey Android App. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.starbucks.tr&hl=en 

All these things are made without any login. I did not login the app.
1. I tried to intercept traffic between starbucks app and server with burp suite. I could not be successful because of the ssl pinning. 
2. Before the unpinnig ssl, I look around the app's all screens.
3. When i look at the messages tab i saw a proccess on my burp history. 
4. Application sent a request to https://crmproxy.protel.com.tr/api/v1/MobileInbox/Limit/20 this url and it took a response.
5. I evaluated this request then i saw the Authorization: Basic QVBSTlhXTFpUUTo4NGY0NDlmMWYzOWEyMDUz token.
6. I tried to reach this url via browser however, i couldnt because it wants to basic authentication and i tried the default password which comes to mind but i couldnt be successful. 
7. I remembered when there was a request on burp which has Authorization: Basic QVBSTlhXTFpUUTo4NGY0NDlmMWYzOWEyMDUz token and i tried to add this token in my all request while trying to access via browser.
8. Bingoooo! It worked! I reach the https://crmproxy.protel.com.tr this api server and i looked around it then i found the api docs.
9. Finally, i tried to sent all request in api docs, i was successful in all of them. 

I added to all screenshots below. If there is any question, i may answer them.

Thank you,

Yunus Y.

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

When i tried to pentest the starbucks android app, i could not see the traffic between client and the server because of the SSL Pinning. 

First, i wanted to SSL Unpinning then continue the testing, however, i released that developers forgot to add /MobileInbox/ path for the ssl validation. (i dont know they forgot or leave it like that) 

Currently, I had a request thanks to forgotten/leaving a path for ssl validation. When i have a directory, always i check the sub or parent directory because of that I tried to reach this link directly on browser but i faced a basic http authentication pop-up. There must be a problem because i have an access with burp, then i check the HTTP Headers bingo! there was a Authorization-Token. I added this token automatically when i request a link then second bingo i have an access directly on browser.

Now try to digg sensitive things. I went to homepage and it directed me to /edgeapidoc/index/ . 
There was a link on that page which /swagger/docs/v1/ . I hoped that was the documents of the API usage. Yeapp that was the documentation of the API usage. I saw all methods of the app, first thing which came in my mind, am i eligible to use this all of things. yeap i was :) 

I did not want to change anything on the server, because of that did not use any POST method. I just used almost all GET methods :D all of them were working such as, masked credit card values, api tokens, user informations etc.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #232650 |
| **Title** | Full Api Access and Run All Functions via Starbucks App |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/232650 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Authentication - Generic |
| **Program** | Starbucks |
| **Reporter** | ynsy |
| **Submitted** | May 28, 2017, 3:10PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | August 6, 2017, 8:51AM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/232650*