# Oauth flow on the comments widget login can lead to the access code leakage

### SUMMARY BY ED

This report broke the record for the fastest time to resolution and then public disclosure. I would like to thank @sp1d3rs again for their fantastic report.

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

##Description
Hello. Here is a keyword: `frog`
I discovered an little Oauth flow in the comments widget authentication process using redirect_uri manipulations.
The widget located on the all blogposts, which have URL
```
https://edoverflow.com/2017/[post-title]/
```
Upon authentication, it appeared that `code` parameter gets stripped from the URL after successful authentication, so there was no visible way to do the leakage thorugh, for example, Referer header upon clicking some external link in the blogpost.
At this time, i noticed the only one code leakage to the 
```
https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Inconsolata
```
upon `code` verification (since it returned 200 OK) but it appeared not very serious issue for me, and i digged deeper.
I discovered, that it was possible to manipulate the `redirect_uri` parameter, using the arbitrary directories, since it looked like whole `https://edoverflow.com` URL was whitelisted.
So, i tried next URL, to non-existent path /1:
```
https://github.com/login?client_id=5f45cc999f7812d0b6d2&return_to=%2Flogin%2Foauth%2Fauthorize%3Fclient_id%3D5f45cc999f7812d0b6d2%26redirect_uri%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fedoverflow.com%252F1%26scope%3Dpublic_repo
```
{F242032}
and... code was not stripped. So it became clear for me, that the code strips only on pages with a comment widget.
Next, i tried to find some place, where i can post arbitrary content (like images), with controlled src, to leak the code through Referer. Unfortunately (or fortunately) site used content proxying through GitHub - so my dream about `High` impact had not came true:)
So my last hope was at least leak the code to the some external sites, and i came across this link:
```
https://edoverflow.com/about/
```
and
```
https://edoverflow.com/metadata
```
Using 
```
https://github.com/login?client_id=5f45cc999f7812d0b6d2&return_to=%2Flogin%2Foauth%2Fauthorize%3Fclient_id%3D5f45cc999f7812d0b6d2%26redirect_uri%3Dhttps%253A%252F%252Fedoverflow.com%252Fabout%252f%26scope%3Dpublic_repo
```
and same link with `/metadata` path,
i was able to leak the access code with user interaction to the several sites in the Referer header, like `keybase.io`, `liberapay.com`, `hackerone.com`, `crypto101.io`, `twitter.com`, `youtube.com` and several Press sites like Bloomberg.

##Suggested Fix
I suggest to restrict the `redirect_uri` only to the blogposts path, to prevent `code` leakage in the other parts of the site, and secure external links from possible Referer leakage, just in case.

## Impact

The severity was set as low, because attacker can't directly conduct the authentication bypass against victim, in case attacker is not an admin of the one of the external sites=). 
Still, there was some risks, so issue was reported in several minutes after discovery

### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

I discovered an issue, when valid oauth `code` could be leaked to the various external hosts under some circumstances due to insufficient `redirect_uri` validation, and ability to use `Referer` header for code leakage.
The issue was caused by the fact, that using `redirect_uri` with an arbitrary path to the some page without comments widget enabled, and containing some insecure external links, we can prevent the `code` exchange (when i wrote 'stripped' in the report, i meant exchange), and leak it to the several external hosts with some user interaction. 

The `code` exchange happened only on the pages with enabled comments widget (so flow should not be exploitable on such pages, since widget script exchanges and strips the `code` - and it become no more valid, so even if we leak such code somehow before it's stripping, it will be useless).

Thanks to the Ed for the fastest response in my experience!


---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #292783 |
| **Title** | Oauth flow on the comments widget login can lead to the access code leakage |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/292783 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Low (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Authentication - Generic |
| **Program** | Ed |
| **Reporter** | sp1d3rs |
| **Submitted** | November 24, 2017, 1:49PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | November 24, 2017, 1:52PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/292783*