# TLS client authentication can be bypassed due to ticket resumption

### SUMMARY BY INTERNET BUG BOUNTY

When name-based virtual hosts are configured to share the same IP address and port combination, with TLS 1.3 and OpenSSL, a previously authenticated attacker can use session resumption to bypass client certificate authentication requirements on these servers. This vulnerability arises when TLS session tickets are used and/or the SSL session cache is used in the default virtual server and the default virtual server is performing client certificate authentication. This issue affects both the NGINX http and NGINX stream modules. (CVE-2025-23419)

### VULNERABILITY INFORMATION

*If you require the PoC, we can also attach it. As this issue is resolved and fixed, we assume this not to be required.*

TLS session tickets are not properly isolated for multiple virtual hosts in one server.
That is, a ticket issued for one virtual host, may be resumed at a different virtual host.
Using this, we were able to circumvent client authentication in the following scenario:
Two hosts need to enable client authentication. The attacker should only be able to access one but not the other.
The attacker was still able to access the second site nonetheless.

We found that tickets are always resumed. If the HTTP host header and TLS SNI value diverge, the server correctly returns a 421 (if client authentication is used). However, if the SNI is chosen appropriately (changed to resumption host, or omitted), nginx allows the Host header to specify the second site.

## Impact

We were able to circumvent client authentication. More specifically, if two sites (A and B) both use client authentication (but with different configurations), we could resume a TLS session from A at B. This achieves privilege escalation:
Consider a user who is allowed to access A, but not B. They can connect to A, receive a ticket, and using that ticket access B.

Further, nginx uses the wrong key material on the second virtual host to encrypt the tickets. We do not see a direct impact for this, other than the privilege escalation.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #2978267 |
| **Title** | TLS client authentication can be bypassed due to ticket resumption |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/2978267 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Medium (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Authentication - Generic |
| **Program** | Internet Bug Bounty |
| **Reporter** | snhebrok |
| **Submitted** | February 6, 2025, 1:18PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | May 27, 2025, 1:18PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | full |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/2978267*