# Redirect on authorization allows account compromise

### SUMMARY BY GSA BOUNTY

Login.gov had a bug in validating the redirect_uri in the `/openid_connect/authorize` endpoint, which allowed specially crafted subdomains to be incorrectly validated when they began with a valid hostname. For example, a `redirect_uri` with a hostname of `agency.gov.example.com` would validate a URL as if it were presented as `agency.gov`.

This enabled an attacker to compromise user sessions on sites that integrated with login.gov. No user interaction was required other than the user being redirected to a URL.

Login.gov immediately patched this bug by making validation of the `redirect_uri` significantly stricter by enforcing an exact match of the hostname. Shortly after, Login.gov worked with agency partners to identify every full URL that agency service providers (SPs) would need to register, and then implemented exact matching for the entire `redirect_uri` (including the URL path).


### RESEARCHER SUMMARY

An error in parsing redirect urls during the authorization flow allowed an attacker to compromise a user's Login.gov token by redirecting users to a malicious site. Props to the TTS team for quickly issuing a patch after the report!

Ineligible for bounty due to government employment.

---

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **Report ID** | #384289 |
| **Title** | Redirect on authorization allows account compromise |
| **URL** | https://hackerone.com/reports/384289 |
| **State** | Resolved |
| **Severity** | Critical (?) |
| **Weakness** | Improper Authentication - Generic |
| **Program** | GSA Bounty |
| **Reporter** | cablej_dds |
| **Submitted** | July 19, 2018, 7:20PM UTC |
| **Disclosed** | November 6, 2018, 8:53PM UTC |
| **Visibility** | no-content |
| **Bounty** | None |

--- *Downloaded from https://hackerone.com/reports/384289*